AEGS_Sabre
hardpoint_paint                                   S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_seat_pilot                              S0                                                     AEGS_Sabre_SCItem_Seat_Pilot                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_access                             S0                                                     AEGS_Sabre_SCItem_SeatAccess                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_dashboard_pilot                         S0                                                     AEGS_Sabre_SCItem_Dashboard_Pilot                                UNKNOWN                                 
 radar_helper                                     S1   Display                                           Radar_Display_Sabre                                              UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S1                                                     H_Dashboard_Projector_HUD_AEGS_Sabre                             UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_Top_Left                                  S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_Top_Right                                 S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_Bottom_Left                               S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_Bottom_Right                              S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_Annunciator_Left                          S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_Physical_Holo                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_Annunciator_Right                         S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_Physical_Holo                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 radar_helper                                     S0                                                     Radar_Display_Sabre                                              DISABLED                                
 Display_HUD                                      S0                                                     H_Dashboard_Projector_HUD_AEGS_Sabre                             DISABLED                                
 Screen_Top_Left                                  S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 Screen_Top_Right                                 S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 Screen_Bottom_Left                               S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 Screen_Bottom_Right                              S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 Screen_Annunciator_Left                          S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_Physical_Holo                                     DISABLED                                
 Screen_Annunciator_Right                         S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_Physical_Holo                                     DISABLED                                
hardpoint_controller_comms                        S0                                                     Controller_Comms                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_selfdestruct                            S1   SelfDestruct.UNDEFINED                            VHCL_SelfDestruct_10s                                            Self destruct                           
hardpoint_controller_energy                       S0                                                     Controller_Energy                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_cooler                       S0                                                     Controller_Cooler                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_shield                       S0                                                     Controller_Shield_AEGS_Sabre                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_flight                       S0                                                     Controller_Flight_AEGS_Sabre                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_weapon                       S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_light                        S0                                                     Controller_Light                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_door                         S0                                                     Controller_Door                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_radar                                   S1                                                     RADR_GRNP_S01_Ecouter                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_powerplant_01                           S1   PowerPlant.Power                                  POWR_TYDT_S01_SonicLite_SCItem                                   Power plants                            
hardpoint_powerplant_02                           S1   PowerPlant.Power                                  POWR_TYDT_S01_SonicLite_SCItem                                   Power plants                            
hardpoint_fuel_tank_left                          S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_AEGS_Sabre                                                  Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_fuel_tank_right                         S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_AEGS_Sabre                                                  Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_fuel_intake_left                        S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_AEGS_Sabre                                                  Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_intake_right                       S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_AEGS_Sabre                                                  Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_cooler_left                             S1   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_AEGS_S01_Bracer_SCItem                                      Coolers                                 
hardpoint_cooler_right                            S1   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_AEGS_S01_Bracer_SCItem                                      Coolers                                 
hardpoint_quantum_drive                           S1   QuantumDrive.UNDEFINED                            QDRV_RACO_S01_Drift_SCItem                                       UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_Jump_Drive                             S1   JumpDrive.JumpDrive                                                                                                UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_jump_drive                             S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_quantum_fuel_tank                       S1   QuantumFuelTank.QuantumFuel                       QTNK_AEGS_Sabre                                                  Quantum fuel tanks                      
hardpoint_armour                                  S1   Armor.Medium                                      ARMR_AEGS_Sabre                                                  Armor                                   
hardpoint_shield_generator_A                      S1   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_ASAS_S01_Shimmer_SCItem                                     Shield generators                       
hardpoint_shield_generator_B                      S1   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_ASAS_S01_Shimmer_SCItem                                     Shield generators                       
hardpoint_engine_left                             S1   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        AEGS_Sabre_Thruster_Main                                         Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_engine_right                            S1   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        AEGS_Sabre_Thruster_Main                                         Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_retro_left                     S2   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   AEGS_Sabre_Thruster_Retro                                        Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_retro_right                    S2   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   AEGS_Sabre_Thruster_Retro                                        Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_bottomFL                       S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   AEGS_Sabre_Thruster_Mav_Joint_01                                 Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_bottomFR                       S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   AEGS_Sabre_Thruster_Mav_Joint_01                                 Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_topFL                          S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   AEGS_Sabre_Thruster_Mav_Joint_01                                 Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_topFR                          S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   AEGS_Sabre_Thruster_Mav_Joint_01                                 Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_bottomRL                       S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   AEGS_Sabre_Thruster_Mav_Joint_02                                 Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_bottomRR                       S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   AEGS_Sabre_Thruster_Mav_Joint_02                                 Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_topRL                          S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   AEGS_Sabre_Thruster_Mav_Joint_02                                 Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_topRR                          S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   AEGS_Sabre_Thruster_Mav_Joint_02                                 Maneuvering thrusters                   
landingpad_helper                                 S1   LandingSystem.UNDEFINED                           Default_LandingSystem                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_weapon_left_nose                        S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_weapon_right_nose                       S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_weapon_left_wing                        S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_weapon_right_wing                       S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_weapon_missilerack_left                 S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                     MRCK_S04_BEHR_Dual_S03                                           Weapon hardpoints                       
 missile_01_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_EM_FSKI_Thunderbolt                                     Missiles                                
 missile_02_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_EM_FSKI_Thunderbolt                                     Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_EM_FSKI_Thunderbolt                                     DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_EM_FSKI_Thunderbolt                                     DISABLED                                
hardpoint_weapon_missilerack_right                S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                     MRCK_S04_BEHR_Dual_S03                                           Weapon hardpoints                       
 missile_01_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        Missiles                                
 missile_02_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        DISABLED                                
hardpoint_countermeasure_launcher_left            S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            AEGS_Sabre_CML_Flare                                             Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_countermeasure_launcher_right           S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            AEGS_Sabre_CML_Chaff                                             Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_controller_missile                      S0                                                     Controller_Missile                                               UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_lifesupport                             S1   LifeSupportGenerator.UNDEFINED                    LFSP_TYDT_S01_ComfortAir                                         UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_01                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_02                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_03                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_avionics                                S1                                                     COMP_BEHR_S01_CSR-RP                                             DISABLED                                
hardpoint_weapon_rack                             S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     Weapon_Rack_AEGS_Sabre                                           Weapon hardpoints                       
 $IP_rifle_01                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rifle_02                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rack_addon_01                                S1   WeaponAttachment                                                                                                   UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rack_addon_02                                S1   WeaponAttachment                                                                                                   UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rack_addon_03                                S1   WeaponAttachment                                                                                                   UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_multitool                                    S1   WeaponPersonal.Gadget                                                                                              UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_capacitor_assignment         S0                                                     Controller_CapacitorAssignment                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_fuel                         S0                                                     Controller_Fuel                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_fuel_port                               S1   DockingCollar.UNDEFINED                           DockingTube_Fuel_Ports_AEGS_Sabre                                UNKNOWN                                 
 itemport_vehicle_attach                          S8   NOITEM_Vehicle                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_air_traffic_controller                  S0                                                     AEGS_Sabre_ShipATCDataManager                                    UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cockpit_flair                           S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_relay_cockpit                           S1   Relay.UNDEFINED                                   RELAY_3slot                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_01                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_02                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_03                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 

