AEGS_Avenger_Titan_Renegade
hardpoint_paint                                   S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_seat_access                             S0                                                     AEGS_Avenger_SCItem_SeatAccess                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_pilot                              S0                                                     AEGS_Avenger_SCItem_Seat_Pilot                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_dashboard_pilot                         S0                                                     AEGS_Avenger_SCItem_Dashboard_Pilot                              UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S1                                                     H_Dashboard_Projector_HUD_AEGS_Avenger                           UNKNOWN                                 
 Radar                                            S1   Display                                           Radar_Display_Screen_Template                                    UNKNOWN                                 
 Support_L                                        S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 Support_R                                        S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 MFD                                              S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 Annunciator_L                                    S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_Physical                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 Annunciator_R                                    S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_Physical                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S0                                                     H_Dashboard_Projector_HUD_AEGS_Avenger                           DISABLED                                
 Radar                                            S0                                                     Radar_Display_Screen_Template                                    DISABLED                                
 Support_L                                        S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 Support_R                                        S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 MFD                                              S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 Annunciator_L                                    S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_Physical                                          DISABLED                                
 Annunciator_R                                    S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_Physical                                          DISABLED                                
hardpoint_self_destruct_pilot                     S1   SelfDestruct.UNDEFINED                            VHCL_SelfDestruct_10s                                            Self destruct                           
hardpoint_controller_door                         S0                                                     Controller_Door                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_light                        S0                                                     Controller_Light                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_comms                        S0                                                     Controller_Comms                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_energy                       S0                                                     Controller_Energy                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_power_plant                             S1   PowerPlant.Power                                  POWR_JUST_S01_Endurance_SCItem                                   Power plants                            
hardpoint_controller_cooler                       S0                                                     Controller_Cooler                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cooler_left                             S1   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_AEGS_S01_Bracer_SCItem                                      Coolers                                 
hardpoint_cooler_right                            S1   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_AEGS_S01_Bracer_SCItem                                      Coolers                                 
hardpoint_controller_shield                       S0                                                     Controller_Shield_AEGS_Avenger                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_shield_generator_left                   S1   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_BASL_S01_Bulwark_SCItem                                     Shield generators                       
hardpoint_shield_generator_right                  S1   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_BASL_S01_Bulwark_SCItem                                     Shield generators                       
hardpoint_armor                                   S1   Armor.Medium                                      ARMR_AEGS_Avenger_Titan                                          Armor                                   
hardpoint_controller_flight                       S0                                                     Controller_Flight_AEGS_Avenger_Titan                             UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_radar                                   S1                                                     RADR_GRNP_S01_Voir                                               UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_engine_attach                           S4   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        AEGS_Avenger_Titan_Thruster_Main                                 Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_left_upper_front               S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   AEGS_Avenger_Titan_Thruster_Mav_Joint                            Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_right_upper_front              S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   AEGS_Avenger_Titan_Thruster_Mav_Joint                            Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_left_upper_rear                S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   AEGS_Avenger_Titan_Thruster_Mav_Joint                            Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_right_upper_rear               S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   AEGS_Avenger_Titan_Thruster_Mav_Joint                            Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_left_lower_front               S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   AEGS_Avenger_Titan_Thruster_Mav_Joint                            Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_right_lower_front              S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   AEGS_Avenger_Titan_Thruster_Mav_Joint                            Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_left_lower_rear                S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   AEGS_Avenger_Titan_Thruster_Mav_Joint                            Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_right_lower_rear               S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   AEGS_Avenger_Titan_Thruster_Mav_Joint                            Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_left_retro                     S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   AEGS_Avenger_Titan_Thruster_Retro                                Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_right_retro                    S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   AEGS_Avenger_Titan_Thruster_Retro                                Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_fuel_intake_left                        S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_AEGS_Avenger_Titan                                          Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_intake_right                       S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_AEGS_Avenger_Titan                                          Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_tank_left                          S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_AEGS_Avenger_Titan                                          Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_fuel_tank_right                         S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_AEGS_Avenger_Titan                                          Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_quantum_drive                           S1   QuantumDrive.UNDEFINED                            QDRV_TARS_S01_Expedition_SCItem                                  UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_Jump_Drive                             S1   JumpDrive.JumpDrive                                                                                                UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_jump_drive                             S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_quantum_fuel_tank                       S1   QuantumFuelTank.QuantumFuel                       QTNK_AEGS_Avenger_Titan                                          Quantum fuel tanks                      
landingpad_helper                                 S1   LandingSystem.UNDEFINED                           Default_LandingSystem                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cargogrid                               S1   CargoGrid.UNDEFINED                               AEGS_Avenger_CargoGrid_Titan                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_weapon                       S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_weapon_class2_nose                      S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_weapon_gun_class1_left_wing             S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_FSKI_Tempest                                         DISABLED                                
hardpoint_weapon_gun_class1_right_wing            S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_EM_TALN_Dominator                                       DISABLED                                
hardpoint_weapon_missilerack_left_wing            S3   WeaponGun.Gun                                     MRCK_S03_BEHR_Dual_S02                                           Weapon hardpoints                       
 missile_01_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          Missiles                                
 missile_02_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
hardpoint_weapon_missilerack_right_wing           S3   WeaponGun.Gun                                     MRCK_S03_BEHR_Dual_S02                                           Weapon hardpoints                       
 missile_01_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          Missiles                                
 missile_02_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
hardpoint_countermeasure_launcher_left            S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            AEGS_Avenger_CML_Flare                                           Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_countermeasure_launcher_right           S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            AEGS_Avenger_CML_Chaff                                           Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_door_rear                               S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    Door_RN_RoomConnector_Breachable_OpenClose_IP_Avenger            Doors                                   
hardpoint_controller_missile                      S0                                                     Controller_Missile                                               UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_capacitor_assignment         S0                                                     Controller_CapacitorAssignment                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_fuel                         S0                                                     Controller_Fuel                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_fuel_port                               S1   DockingCollar.UNDEFINED                           DockingTube_Fuel_Ports_AEGS_Avenger                              UNKNOWN                                 
 itemport_vehicle_attach                          S8   NOITEM_Vehicle                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_air_traffic_controller                  S0                                                     AEGS_Avenger_ShipATCDataManager                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_relay                                   S1   Relay.UNDEFINED                                   RELAY_2slot_slim                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_01                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_02                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_lifesupport                             S1   LifeSupportGenerator.UNDEFINED                    LFSP_TYDT_S01_ComfortAir                                         UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_01                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_02                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_03                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 

