AEGS_Vanguard_Sentinel_Unmanned_Salvage
hardpoint_paint                                   S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_door_rear                               S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    Door_RN_RoomConnector_Breachable_OpenReverse_IP_Vanguard_Ramp    Doors                                   
hardpoint_controller_flight                       S0                                                     Controller_Flight_AEGS_Vanguard_Sentinel                         UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_pilot                              S0                                                     AEGS_Vanguard_SCItem_Seat_Pilot                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_access                             S0                                                     AEGS_Vanguard_SCItem_SeatAccess                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_dashboard_pilot                         S0                                                     AEGS_Vanguard_SCItem_Dashboard_Pilot                             UNKNOWN                                 
 Radar_Helper                                     S1   Display                                           Radar_Display_Vanguard                                           UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S1                                                     H_Dashboard_Projector_HUD_AEGS_Vanguard                          UNKNOWN                                 
 screen_centre_screen                             S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_Physical                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 screen_top_left                                  S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 screen_upper_right                               S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 screen_bottom_right                              S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 screen_bottom_left                               S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 Radar_Helper                                     S0                                                     Radar_Display_Vanguard                                           DISABLED                                
 Display_HUD                                      S0                                                     H_Dashboard_Projector_HUD_AEGS_Vanguard                          DISABLED                                
 screen_centre_screen                             S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_Physical                                          DISABLED                                
 screen_upper_right                               S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 screen_bottom_right                              S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 screen_top_left                                  S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 screen_bottom_left                               S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
hardpoint_controller_light                        S0                                                     Controller_Light                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_door                         S0                                                     Controller_Door                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_esc_pod_upper                           S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_esc_pod_lower                           S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_selfdestruct                            S1   SelfDestruct.UNDEFINED                            VHCL_SelfDestruct_30s                                            Self destruct                           
hardpoint_controller_comms                        S0                                                     Controller_Comms                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_radar                                   S2                                                     RADR_WLOP_S02_Chernykh                                           UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_energy                       S0                                                     Controller_Energy                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_powerplant_middle                       S2   PowerPlant.Power                                  POWR_TYDT_S02_GammaMax_SCItem                                    Power plants                            
hardpoint_fuel_tank_left                          S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_AEGS_Vanguard_Sentinel                                      Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_fuel_tank_right                         S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_AEGS_Vanguard_Sentinel                                      Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_fuel_intake_left                        S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_AEGS_Vanguard_Sentinel                                      Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_intake_right                       S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_AEGS_Vanguard_Sentinel                                      Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_controller_cooler                       S0                                                     Controller_Cooler                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cooler_left                             S2   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_TYDT_S02_HeatSink_SCItem                                    Coolers                                 
hardpoint_cooler_right                            S2   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_TYDT_S02_HeatSink_SCItem                                    Coolers                                 
hardpoint_quantum_drive                           S2   QuantumDrive.UNDEFINED                            QDRV_RACO_S02_Nova_SCItem                                        UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_Jump_Drive                             S2   JumpDrive.JumpDrive                                                                                                UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_jump_drive                             S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_quantum_fuel_tank                       S2   QuantumFuelTank.QuantumFuel                       QTNK_AEGS_Vanguard_Sentinel                                      Quantum fuel tanks                      
hardpoint_controller_shield                       S0                                                     Controller_Shield_AEGS_Vanguard                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_shield_generator_001                    S2   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_ASAS_S02_Sheut_SCItem                                       Shield generators                       
hardpoint_shield_generator_002                    S2   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_ASAS_S02_Sheut_SCItem                                       Shield generators                       
hardpoint_armour                                  S1   Armor.Medium                                      ARMR_AEGS_Vanguard_Sentinel                                      Armor                                   
hardpoint_engine_left                             S4   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        AEGS_Vanguard_Sentinel_Thruster_Main_01                          Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_engine_right                            S4   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        AEGS_Vanguard_Sentinel_Thruster_Main_01                          Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_engine_middle_left                      S4   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        AEGS_Vanguard_Sentinel_Thruster_Main_02                          Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_engine_middle_right                     S4   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        AEGS_Vanguard_Sentinel_Thruster_Main_02                          Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_retro_left                     S3   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   AEGS_Vanguard_Sentinel_Thruster_Retro                            Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_retro_right                    S3   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   AEGS_Vanguard_Sentinel_Thruster_Retro                            Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_top_FL                         S2   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   AEGS_Vanguard_Sentinel_Thruster_Mav_Joint                        Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_top_FR                         S2   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   AEGS_Vanguard_Sentinel_Thruster_Mav_Joint                        Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_bottom_FL                      S2   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   AEGS_Vanguard_Sentinel_Thruster_Mav_Joint                        Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_bottom_FR                      S2   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   AEGS_Vanguard_Sentinel_Thruster_Mav_Joint                        Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_top_RL                         S2   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   AEGS_Vanguard_Sentinel_Thruster_Mav_Joint                        Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_top_RR                         S2   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   AEGS_Vanguard_Sentinel_Thruster_Mav_Joint                        Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_side_RL                        S2   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   AEGS_Vanguard_Sentinel_Thruster_Mav_Joint                        Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_side_RR                        S2   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   AEGS_Vanguard_Sentinel_Thruster_Mav_Joint                        Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_bottom_RL                      S2   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   AEGS_Vanguard_Sentinel_Thruster_Mav_Joint                        Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_bottom_RR                      S2   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   AEGS_Vanguard_Sentinel_Thruster_Mav_Joint                        Maneuvering thrusters                   
landingpad_helper                                 S1   LandingSystem.UNDEFINED                           Default_LandingSystem                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_weapon                       S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_weapon_gun_nose                         S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_weapon_gun_nose_fixed_001               S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_weapon_gun_nose_fixed_002               S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_weapon_gun_nose_fixed_003               S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_weapon_gun_nose_fixed_004               S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_turret_seataccess                       S0                                                     AEGS_Vanguard_SCItem_SeatAccess_Turret                           UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_turret                                  S0   TurretBase.MannedTurret                                                                                            Manned turrets                          
 turret_left                                      S0   TurretBase.MannedTurret                                                                                            Manned turrets                          
  hardpoint_class_2                               S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 turret_right                                     S0   TurretBase.MannedTurret                                                                                            Manned turrets                          
  hardpoint_class_2                               S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 Screen_Radar                                     S0                                                     Radar_Display_Screen_Template                                    DISABLED                                
 Screen_Right_Top                                 S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 Screen_Left_Top                                  S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
hardpoint_baydoor                                 S1   Misc.UNDEFINED                                    AEGS_Vanguard_Baydoor                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_weapon_missilerack_left_inner           S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                     MRCK_S04_AEGS_Vanguard                                           Weapon hardpoints                       
 missile_01_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          Missiles                                
 missile_02_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          Missiles                                
 missile_03_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          Missiles                                
 missile_04_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
 missile_03_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
 missile_04_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
hardpoint_weapon_missilerack_left_rear            S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                     MRCK_S04_BEHR_Dual_S03                                           Weapon hardpoints                       
 missile_01_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        Missiles                                
 missile_02_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        DISABLED                                
hardpoint_weapon_missilerack_right_inner          S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                     MRCK_S04_AEGS_Vanguard                                           Weapon hardpoints                       
 missile_01_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_EM_TALN_Dominator                                       Missiles                                
 missile_02_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_EM_TALN_Dominator                                       Missiles                                
 missile_03_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_EM_TALN_Dominator                                       Missiles                                
 missile_04_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_EM_TALN_Dominator                                       Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_EM_TALN_Dominator                                       DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_EM_TALN_Dominator                                       DISABLED                                
 missile_03_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_EM_TALN_Dominator                                       DISABLED                                
 missile_04_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_EM_TALN_Dominator                                       DISABLED                                
hardpoint_weapon_missilerack_right_rear           S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                     MRCK_S04_BEHR_Dual_S03                                           Weapon hardpoints                       
 missile_01_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        Missiles                                
 missile_02_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        DISABLED                                
hardpoint_weapon_missilelauncher                  S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 torpedo_tray_01_attach_node                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 torpedo_tray_02_attach_node                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 torpedo_tray_03_attach_node                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_countermeasure_launcher_left            S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            AEGS_Eclipse_CML_Flare                                           Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_countermeasure_launcher_right           S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            AEGS_Eclipse_CML_Chaff                                           Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_weapon_locker_sentinel                  S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     Weapon_Rack_AEGS_Vanguard                                        Weapon hardpoints                       
 $IP_rifle_01                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rifle_02                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rifle_03                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rifle_04                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_missile                      S0                                                     Controller_Missile                                               UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_capacitor_assignment         S0                                                     Controller_CapacitorAssignment                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_fuel                         S0                                                     Controller_Fuel                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_fuel_port                               S1   DockingCollar.UNDEFINED                           DockingTube_Fuel_Ports_AEGS_Sentinel                             UNKNOWN                                 
 itemport_vehicle_attach                          S8   NOITEM_Vehicle                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_air_traffic_controller                  S0                                                     AEGS_Vanguard_Sentinel_ShipATCDataManager                        UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cockpit_flair_hang                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_relay                                   S1   Relay.UNDEFINED                                   RELAY_2slot_slim                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_01                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_02                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_relay_2                                 S1   Relay.UNDEFINED                                   RELAY_2slot_slim                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_01                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_02                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_lifesupport                             S1   LifeSupportGenerator.UNDEFINED                    LFSP_TYDT_S01_ComfortAir                                         UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_01                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_02                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_03                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_esc_pod_upper_sentinel                  S0                                                     AEGS_Vanguard_SCItem_Seat_Bed_Upper_Sentinel                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_esc_pod_lower_sentinel                  S0                                                     AEGS_Vanguard_SCItem_Seat_Bed_Lower_Sentinel                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_weapon_emp                              S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                     AEGS_EMP_Sentinel_S4                                             Weapon hardpoints                       
 console_screen                                   S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 console_screen                                   S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
hardpoint_engineer_console_access_sentinel        S0                                                     AEGS_Vanguard_Sentinel_SCItem_Engineer_Console_SeatAccess        UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_powerplant_rear                         S0   PowerPlant.Power                                                                                                   Power plants                            

