AEGS_Gladius_Unmanned_Restoration
hardpoint_paint                                   S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_seat_access                             S0                                                     AEGS_Gladius_SCItem_SeatAccess                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_pilot                              S0                                                     AEGS_Gladius_SCItem_Seat_Pilot                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_dashboard_pilot                         S0                                                     AEGS_Gladius_SCItem_Dashboard_Pilot                              UNKNOWN                                 
 Radar_Helper                                     S1   Display                                           Radar_Display_Gladius_PU                                         UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S1                                                     H_Dashboard_Projector_HUD_AEGS_Gladius_PU                        UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_Top_Left                                  S0                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_Top_Right                                 S0                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 Radar_Helper2                                    S1   Display                                                                                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_MFD_Top_Left                              S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_MFD_Top_Right                             S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_MFD_Bottom_Left                           S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_MFD_Bottom_Right                          S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 screen_annunciator_left                          S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_Physical_Holo                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 screen_annunciator_right                         S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_Physical_Holo                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 Radar_Helper                                     S0                                                     Radar_Display_Gladius_PU                                         DISABLED                                
 Display_HUD                                      S0                                                     H_Dashboard_Projector_HUD_AEGS_Gladius_PU                        DISABLED                                
 Radar_Helper2                                    S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 Screen_MFD_Top_Left                              S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 Screen_MFD_Top_Right                             S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 Screen_MFD_Bottom_Left                           S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 Screen_MFD_Bottom_Right                          S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 screen_annunciator_left                          S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_Physical_Holo                                     DISABLED                                
 screen_annunciator_right                         S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_Physical_Holo                                     DISABLED                                
hardpoint_self_destruct_pilot                     S1   SelfDestruct.UNDEFINED                            VHCL_SelfDestruct_10s                                            Self destruct                           
hardpoint_controller_door                         S0                                                     Controller_Door                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_light                        S0                                                     Controller_Light                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_energy                       S0                                                     Controller_Energy                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_power_plant                             S1   PowerPlant.Power                                  POWR_AEGS_S01_Charger_SCItem                                     Power plants                            
hardpoint_controller_cooler                       S0                                                     Controller_Cooler                                                UNKNOWN                                 
Hardpoint_cooler_left                             S1   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_AEGS_S01_Polar_SCItem                                       Coolers                                 
Hardpoint_cooler_right                            S1   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_AEGS_S01_Polar_SCItem                                       Coolers                                 
hardpoint_controller_comms                        S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_controller_shield                       S0                                                     Controller_Shield_AEGS_Gladius                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_shield_generator_left                   S1   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_GODI_S01_SecureHyde_SCItem                                  Shield generators                       
hardpoint_shield_generator_right                  S1   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_GODI_S01_SecureHyde_SCItem                                  Shield generators                       
hardpoint_armor                                   S1   Armor.Medium                                      ARMR_AEGS_Gladius                                                Armor                                   
hardpoint_controller_flight                       S0                                                     Controller_Flight_AEGS_Gladius                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_radar                                   S1                                                     RADR_GRNP_S01_Voir                                               UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_thruster_main_left                      S1   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        AEGS_Gladius_Thruster_Main                                       Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_main_right                     S1   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        AEGS_Gladius_Thruster_Main                                       Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_retro_left                     S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   AEGS_Gladius_Thruster_Retro                                      Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_retro_right                    S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   AEGS_Gladius_Thruster_Retro                                      Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_front_left_top                 S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   AEGS_Gladius_Thruster_Mav_Joint_01                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_front_left_side                S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   AEGS_Gladius_Thruster_Mav_Joint_01                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_front_right_top                S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   AEGS_Gladius_Thruster_Mav_Joint_01                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_front_right_side               S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   AEGS_Gladius_Thruster_Mav_Joint_01                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_wing_left_top                  S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   AEGS_Gladius_Thruster_Mav_Joint_02                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_wing_left_bottom               S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   AEGS_Gladius_Thruster_Mav_Joint_02                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_wing_right_top                 S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   AEGS_Gladius_Thruster_Mav_Joint_02                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_wing_right_bottom              S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   AEGS_Gladius_Thruster_Mav_Joint_02                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_fuel_intake_left                        S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_AEGS_Gladius                                                Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_intake_right                       S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_AEGS_Gladius                                                Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_tank_left                          S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_AEGS_Gladius                                                Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_fuel_tank_right                         S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_AEGS_Gladius                                                Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_quantum_drive                           S1   QuantumDrive.UNDEFINED                            QDRV_TARS_S01_Expedition_SCItem                                  UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_Jump_Drive                             S1   JumpDrive.JumpDrive                                                                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_quantum_fuel_tank                       S1   QuantumFuelTank.QuantumFuel                       QTNK_AEGS_Gladius                                                Quantum fuel tanks                      
landingpad_helper                                 S1   LandingSystem.UNDEFINED                           Default_LandingSystem                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_weapon                       S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_gun_nose                                S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 hardpoint_class_2                                S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_gun_left_wing                           S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 hardpoint_class_2                                S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_gun_right_wing                          S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 hardpoint_class_2                                S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_missilerack_left_wing_inner             S3   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S03_BEHR_Dual_S02                                           Missile racks                           
 missile_01_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          Missiles                                
 missile_02_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                                                                                    Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
hardpoint_missilerack_right_wing_inner            S3   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S03_BEHR_Dual_S02                                           Missile racks                           
 missile_01_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          Missiles                                
 missile_02_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                                                                                    Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
hardpoint_missilerack_left_wing_outer             S3   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S03_BEHR_Quad_S01                                           Missile racks                           
 missile_01_attach                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        Missiles                                
 missile_02_attach                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        Missiles                                
 missile_03_attach                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        Missiles                                
 missile_04_attach                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_03_attach                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_04_attach                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        DISABLED                                
hardpoint_missilerack_right_wing_outer            S3   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S03_BEHR_Quad_S01                                           Missile racks                           
 missile_01_attach                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        Missiles                                
 missile_02_attach                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        Missiles                                
 missile_03_attach                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        Missiles                                
 missile_04_attach                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_03_attach                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_04_attach                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        DISABLED                                
hardpoint_countermeasure_launcher_left            S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            AEGS_Gladius_CML_Flare                                           Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_countermeasure_launcher_right           S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            AEGS_Gladius_CML_Chaff                                           Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_weapon_rack                             S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     Weapon_Rack_AEGS_Gladius                                         Weapon hardpoints                       
 $IP_rifle_01                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rifle_02                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rack_addon_01                                S1   WeaponAttachment                                                                                                   UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rack_addon_02                                S1   WeaponAttachment                                                                                                   UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_multitool                                    S1   WeaponPersonal.Gadget                                                                                              UNKNOWN                                 
Hardpoint_Battery                                 S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
Hardpoint_Life_Support                            S1   LifeSupportGenerator.UNDEFINED                    LFSP_TYDT_S01_ComfortAir                                         UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_01                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_02                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_03                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
Hardpoint_Avionics                                S1                                                     COMP_BEHR_S01_CSR-RP                                             DISABLED                                
hardpoint_controller_missile                      S0                                                     Controller_Missile                                               UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_capacitor_assignment         S0                                                     Controller_CapacitorAssignment                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_fuel                         S0                                                     Controller_Fuel                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_fuel_port                               S1   DockingCollar.UNDEFINED                           DockingTube_Fuel_Ports_AEGS_Gladius                              UNKNOWN                                 
 itemport_vehicle_attach                          S8   NOITEM_Vehicle                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_air_traffic_controller                  S0                                                     AEGS_Gladius_ShipATCDataManager                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cockpit_flair                           S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_relay                                   S1   Relay.UNDEFINED                                   RELAY_3slot                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_01                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_02                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_03                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 

