AEGS_Retaliator
hardpoint_paint                                   S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_pilot_seat                              S0                                                     AEGS_Retaliator_SCItem_Seat_Pilot                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_access                             S0                                                     AEGS_Retaliator_SCItem_SeatAccess_Pilot                          UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_dashboard_pilot                         S0                                                     AEGS_Retaliator_Pilot_Dashboard                                  UNKNOWN                                 
 Radar_Helper                                     S1   Display                                           Radar_Display_Retaliator                                         UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S1                                                     H_Dashboard_Projector_HUD_AEGS_Retaliator_S42                    UNKNOWN                                 
 screen_MFD_left                                  S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 screen_MFD_right                                 S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 screen_outer_left                                S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 screen_outer_right                               S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 screen_annunciator_left                          S1                                                     Vehicle_Screen_Physical                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 screen_annunciator_right                         S1                                                     Vehicle_Screen_Physical                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S42                                                    H_Dashboard_Projector_HUD_AEGS_Retaliator_S42                    DISABLED                                
 Radar_Helper                                     S0                                                     Radar_Display_Retaliator                                         DISABLED                                
 screen_MFD_left                                  S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 screen_MFD_right                                 S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 screen_outer_left                                S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 screen_outer_right                               S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 screen_annunciator_left                          S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_Physical                                          DISABLED                                
 screen_annunciator_right                         S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_Physical                                          DISABLED                                
hardpoint_bed_captain                             S1   Usable.UNDEFINED                                  Bed_Single_Captain_Retaliator_AEGS                               Usables                                 
 Pillow                                           S2                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
animated_liftright                                S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    Door_RN_RoomConnector_Breachable_OpenClose_AEGS_Retaliator_Lift  Doors                                   
hardpoint_selfdestruct                            S1   SelfDestruct.UNDEFINED                            VHCL_SelfDestruct_30s                                            Self destruct                           
hardpoint_controller_door                         S0                                                     Controller_Door                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_comms                        S0                                                     Controller_Comms                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_flight                       S0                                                     Controller_Flight_AEGS_Retaliator                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_light                        S0                                                     Controller_Light                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_radar                                   S2                                                     RADR_WLOP_S02_Chernykh                                           UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_scanner                                 S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_ping                                    S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_controller_energy                       S0                                                     Controller_Energy                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_powerplant_left                         S2   PowerPlant.Power                                  POWR_AEGS_S02_Maelstrom_SCItem                                   Power plants                            
hardpoint_powerplant_right                        S2   PowerPlant.Power                                  POWR_AEGS_S02_Maelstrom_SCItem                                   Power plants                            
hardpoint_fueltank_left                           S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_AEGS_Retaliator                                             Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_fueltank_right                          S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_AEGS_Retaliator                                             Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_fuel_intake_frontleft                   S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_AEGS_Retaliator                                             Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_intake_frontright                  S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_AEGS_Retaliator                                             Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_intake_rearleft                    S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_AEGS_Retaliator                                             Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_intake_rearright                   S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_AEGS_Retaliator                                             Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_controller_cooler                       S0                                                     Controller_Cooler                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cooler_left                             S2   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_AEGS_S02_Arctic_SCItem                                      Coolers                                 
hardpoint_cooler_right                            S2   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_AEGS_S02_Arctic_SCItem                                      Coolers                                 
hardpoint_quantum_drive                           S2   QuantumDrive.UNDEFINED                            QDRV_WETK_S02_Crossfield_SCItem                                  UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_Jump_Drive                             S2   JumpDrive.JumpDrive                                                                                                UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_jump_drive                             S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_quantum_fuel_tank                       S2   QuantumFuelTank.QuantumFuel                       QTNK_AEGS_Retaliator                                             Quantum fuel tanks                      
hardpoint_controller_shield                       S0                                                     Controller_Shield_AEGS_Retaliator                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_shieldgenerator_right_top               S2   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_GODI_S02_FullStop_SCItem                                    Shield generators                       
hardpoint_shieldgenerator_right_bottom            S2   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_GODI_S02_FullStop_SCItem                                    Shield generators                       
hardpoint_armour                                  S1   Armor.Medium                                      ARMR_AEGS_Retaliator                                             Armor                                   
hardpoint_mainthruster_left                       S6   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        AEGS_Retaliator_Thruster_Main                                    Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_mainthruster_right                      S6   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        AEGS_Retaliator_Thruster_Main_Right                              Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_vtol_frontleft                 S4   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   AEGS_Retaliator_Thruster_Mav_Joint_01                            VTOL thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_vtol_frontright                S4   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   AEGS_Retaliator_Thruster_Mav_Joint_01                            VTOL thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_vtol_rearleft1                 S5   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   AEGS_Retaliator_Thruster_Mav_Joint_02                            VTOL thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_vtol_rearleft2                 S5   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   AEGS_Retaliator_Thruster_Mav_Joint_02                            VTOL thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_vtol_rearright1                S5   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   AEGS_Retaliator_Thruster_Mav_Joint_02                            VTOL thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_vtol_rearright2                S5   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   AEGS_Retaliator_Thruster_Mav_Joint_02                            VTOL thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_maneuver_frontrightretro       S2   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   AEGS_Retaliator_Thruster_Retro_Right                             Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_maneuver_frontleftretro        S2   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   AEGS_Retaliator_Thruster_Retro                                   Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_maneuver_frontright            S2   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   AEGS_Retaliator_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_Lateral                       Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_maneuver_frontleft             S2   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   AEGS_Retaliator_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_Lateral                       Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_maneuver_fronttopright         S2   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   AEGS_Retaliator_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_Top                           Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_maneuver_fronttopleft          S2   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   AEGS_Retaliator_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_Top                           Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_maneuver_frontbottomright      S2   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   AEGS_Retaliator_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_Bottom                        Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_maneuver_frontbottomleft       S2   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   AEGS_Retaliator_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_Bottom                        Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_maneuver_backright             S2   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   AEGS_Retaliator_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_Lateral                       Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_maneuver_backleft              S2   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   AEGS_Retaliator_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_Lateral                       Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_maneuver_backtopright          S2   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   AEGS_Retaliator_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_Top                           Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_maneuver_backtopleft           S2   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   AEGS_Retaliator_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_Top                           Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_maneuver_backbottomright       S2   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   AEGS_Retaliator_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_Bottom                        Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_maneuver_backbottomleft        S2   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   AEGS_Retaliator_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_Bottom                        Maneuvering thrusters                   
LandingPad_Helper                                 S1   LandingSystem.UNDEFINED                           Default_LandingSystem                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_weapon                       S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_turret_fronttop                         S4   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           AEGS_Retaliator_SCItem_Turret_Upper                              Manned turrets                          
 turret_left                                      S3   Turret.GunTurret                                  Mount_Gimbal_S3                                                  Weapon hardpoints                       
  hardpoint_class_2                               S3   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 turret_right                                     S3   Turret.GunTurret                                  Mount_Gimbal_S3                                                  Weapon hardpoints                       
  hardpoint_class_2                               S3   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 room_lighting                                    S0                                                     AEGS_Retaliator_Turret_Lights                                    UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_Left_Top                                  S3   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_Right_Top                                 S3   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_Radar                                     S3   Display                                           Radar_Display_Screen_Template                                    UNKNOWN                                 
 turret_left                                      S3   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           Mount_Gimbal_S3                                                  Manned turrets                          
  hardpoint_class_2                               S3                                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            DISABLED                                
 turret_right                                     S3   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           Mount_Gimbal_S3                                                  Manned turrets                          
  hardpoint_class_2                               S3                                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            DISABLED                                
 Screen_Left_Top                                  S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 Screen_Right_Top                                 S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 Screen_Radar                                     S0                                                     Radar_Display_Screen_Template                                    DISABLED                                
hardpoint_turret_fronttop_seat_access             S0                                                     AEGS_Retaliator_SCItem_SeatAccess_Turret_FrontTop                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_turret_frontbottom                      S4   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           AEGS_Retaliator_SCItem_Turret_Lower                              Manned turrets                          
 turret_left                                      S3   Turret.GunTurret                                  Mount_Gimbal_S3                                                  Weapon hardpoints                       
  hardpoint_class_2                               S3   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 turret_right                                     S3   Turret.GunTurret                                  Mount_Gimbal_S3                                                  Weapon hardpoints                       
  hardpoint_class_2                               S3   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 room_lighting                                    S0                                                     AEGS_Retaliator_Turret_Lights_Lower                              UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_Left_Top                                  S3   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_Right_Top                                 S3   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_Radar                                     S3   Display                                           Radar_Display_Screen_Template                                    UNKNOWN                                 
 turret_left                                      S3   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           Mount_Gimbal_S3                                                  Manned turrets                          
  hardpoint_class_2                               S3                                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            DISABLED                                
 turret_right                                     S3   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           Mount_Gimbal_S3                                                  Manned turrets                          
  hardpoint_class_2                               S3                                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            DISABLED                                
 Screen_Left_Top                                  S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 Screen_Right_Top                                 S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 Screen_Radar                                     S0                                                     Radar_Display_Screen_Template                                    DISABLED                                
hardpoint_turret_frontbottom_seat_access          S0                                                     AEGS_Retaliator_SCItem_SeatAccess_Turret_FrontBottom             UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_turret_backtopright                     S4   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           AEGS_Retaliator_SCItem_Turret_Upper_Rear_Right                   Manned turrets                          
 turret_left                                      S3   Turret.GunTurret                                  Mount_Gimbal_S3                                                  Weapon hardpoints                       
  hardpoint_class_2                               S3   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 turret_right                                     S3   Turret.GunTurret                                  Mount_Gimbal_S3                                                  Weapon hardpoints                       
  hardpoint_class_2                               S3   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 room_lighting                                    S0                                                     AEGS_Retaliator_Turret_Lights                                    UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_Left_Top                                  S3   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_Right_Top                                 S3   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_Radar                                     S3   Display                                           Radar_Display_Screen_Template                                    UNKNOWN                                 
 turret_left                                      S3   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           Mount_Gimbal_S3                                                  Manned turrets                          
  hardpoint_class_2                               S3                                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            DISABLED                                
 turret_right                                     S3   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           Mount_Gimbal_S3                                                  Manned turrets                          
  hardpoint_class_2                               S3                                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            DISABLED                                
 Screen_Left_Top                                  S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 Screen_Right_Top                                 S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 Screen_Radar                                     S0                                                     Radar_Display_Screen_Template                                    DISABLED                                
hardpoint_turret_backtopright_seat_access         S0                                                     AEGS_Retaliator_SCItem_SeatAccess_Turret_BackTopRight            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_turret_backtopleft                      S4   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           AEGS_Retaliator_SCItem_Turret_Upper_Rear_Left                    Manned turrets                          
 turret_left                                      S3   Turret.GunTurret                                  Mount_Gimbal_S3                                                  Weapon hardpoints                       
  hardpoint_class_2                               S3   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 turret_right                                     S3   Turret.GunTurret                                  Mount_Gimbal_S3                                                  Weapon hardpoints                       
  hardpoint_class_2                               S3   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 room_lighting                                    S0                                                     AEGS_Retaliator_Turret_Lights                                    UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_Left_Top                                  S3   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_Right_Top                                 S3   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_Radar                                     S3   Display                                           Radar_Display_Screen_Template                                    UNKNOWN                                 
 turret_left                                      S3   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           Mount_Gimbal_S3                                                  Manned turrets                          
  hardpoint_class_2                               S3                                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            DISABLED                                
 turret_right                                     S3   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           Mount_Gimbal_S3                                                  Manned turrets                          
  hardpoint_class_2                               S3                                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            DISABLED                                
 Screen_Left_Top                                  S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 Screen_Right_Top                                 S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 Screen_Radar                                     S0                                                     Radar_Display_Screen_Template                                    DISABLED                                
hardpoint_turret_backtopleft_seat_access          S0                                                     AEGS_Retaliator_SCItem_SeatAccess_Turret_BackTopLeft             UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_turret_backbottom                       S4   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           AEGS_Retaliator_SCItem_Turret_Lower_Rear                         Manned turrets                          
 turret_left                                      S3   Turret.GunTurret                                  Mount_Gimbal_S3                                                  Weapon hardpoints                       
  hardpoint_class_2                               S3   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 turret_right                                     S3   Turret.GunTurret                                  Mount_Gimbal_S3                                                  Weapon hardpoints                       
  hardpoint_class_2                               S3   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 room_lighting                                    S0                                                     AEGS_Retaliator_Turret_Lights_Lower                              UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_Left_Top                                  S3   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_Right_Top                                 S3   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_Radar                                     S3   Display                                           Radar_Display_Screen_Template                                    UNKNOWN                                 
 turret_left                                      S3   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           Mount_Gimbal_S3                                                  Manned turrets                          
  hardpoint_class_2                               S3                                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            DISABLED                                
 turret_right                                     S3   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           Mount_Gimbal_S3                                                  Manned turrets                          
  hardpoint_class_2                               S3                                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            DISABLED                                
 Screen_Left_Top                                  S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 Screen_Right_Top                                 S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 Screen_Radar                                     S0                                                     Radar_Display_Screen_Template                                    DISABLED                                
hardpoint_turret_backbottom_seat_access           S0                                                     AEGS_Retaliator_SCItem_SeatAccess_Turret_BackBottom              UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_countermeasurelauncher_left1            S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            AEGS_Retaliator_CML_Flare                                        Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_countermeasurelauncher_left2            S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            AEGS_Retaliator_CML_Chaff                                        Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_countermeasurelauncher_right1           S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            AEGS_Retaliator_CML_Flare                                        Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_countermeasurelauncher_right2           S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            AEGS_Retaliator_CML_Chaff                                        Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_controller_missile                      S0                                                     Controller_Missile                                               UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_capacitor_assignment         S0                                                     Controller_CapacitorAssignment                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_fuel                         S0                                                     Controller_Fuel                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_fuel_port                               S1   DockingCollar.UNDEFINED                           DockingTube_Fuel_Ports_AEGS_Retaliator                           UNKNOWN                                 
 itemport_vehicle_attach                          S8   NOITEM_Vehicle                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_air_traffic_controller                  S0                                                     AEGS_Retaliator_ShipATCDataManager                               UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cockpit_flair_hang                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_front_module                            S3   Module.UNDEFINED                                  AEGS_Retaliator_Module_Front_Base                                UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_module_oc                              S0                                                     AEGS_Retaliator_OC_Front_Base                                    UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_front_bay_door                         S0   Misc                                              AEGS_Retaliator_Door_Cap_Front                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_rear_module                             S3   Module.UNDEFINED                                  AEGS_Retaliator_Module_Rear_Base                                 UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_module_oc                              S0                                                     AEGS_Retaliator_OC_Rear_Base                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_rear_bay_door                          S0   Misc                                              AEGS_Retaliator_Door_Cap_Rear                                    UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_shieldgenerator_left_bottom             S2   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_GODI_S02_FullStop_SCItem                                    Shield generators                       
hardpoint_shieldgenerator_left_top                S2   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_GODI_S02_FullStop_SCItem                                    Shield generators                       
hardpoint_shieldgenerator_middle_bottom           S2   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_GODI_S02_FullStop_SCItem                                    Shield generators                       
hardpoint_shieldgenerator_middle_top              S2   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_GODI_S02_FullStop_SCItem                                    Shield generators                       
hardpoint_esc_pod_upper_left                      S0                                                     AEGS_Retaliator_SCItem_Seat_Bed_Upper_Left                       UNKNOWN                                 
 decal_front                                      S1                                                     AEGS_Retaliator_Esc_Pod_Decal_04                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_esc_pod_upper_right                     S0                                                     AEGS_Retaliator_SCItem_Seat_Bed_Upper_Right                      UNKNOWN                                 
 decal_front                                      S1                                                     AEGS_Retaliator_Esc_Pod_Decal_01                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_esc_pod_lower_left                      S0                                                     AEGS_Retaliator_SCItem_Seat_Bed_Lower_Left                       UNKNOWN                                 
 decal_front                                      S1                                                     AEGS_Retaliator_Esc_Pod_Decal_05                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_esc_pod_lower_right                     S0                                                     AEGS_Retaliator_SCItem_Seat_Bed_Lower_Right                      UNKNOWN                                 
 decal_front                                      S1                                                     AEGS_Retaliator_Esc_Pod_Decal_02                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_esc_pod_rear_left                       S0                                                     AEGS_Retaliator_SCItem_Seat_Bed_Rear_Left                        UNKNOWN                                 
 decal_front                                      S1                                                     AEGS_Retaliator_Esc_Pod_Decal_06                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_esc_pod_rear_right                      S0                                                     AEGS_Retaliator_SCItem_Seat_Bed_Rear_Right                       UNKNOWN                                 
 decal_front                                      S1                                                     AEGS_Retaliator_Esc_Pod_Decal_03                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_ground_fuel_port                        S0                                                     Door_NoRoomConnector_retaliator_Ground_FuelPort                  DISABLED                                
hardpoint_interior_docking_door                   S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    Door_RN_RoomConnector_Breachable_OpenClose_AEGS_Retaliator_Interior_DockingDoors                                   
 hardpoint_external_button                        S0                                                     ControlPanel_Screen_DoorControl_Physical_Retaliator_Docking_Door_ExternalUNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_internal_button                        S0                                                     ControlPanel_Screen_DoorControl_Physical_Retaliator_Docking_Door_InternalUNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_room_button                            S0                                                     ControlPanel_Screen_DoorControl_Physical_Retaliator_Docking_Door_InternalUNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_exterior_docking_door                   S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    Door_RN_RoomConnector_Breachable_OpenClose_AEGS_Retaliator_External_DockingDoors                                   
hardpoint_avionics_left                           S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_avionics_right                          S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_relay_front                             S1   Relay.UNDEFINED                                   RELAY_2slot                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_01                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_02                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_relay_engineering                       S1   Relay.UNDEFINED                                   RELAY_2slot                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_01                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_02                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_relay_rear_turret_left                  S1   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           RELAY_2slot                                                      Manned turrets                          
 $slot_fuse_01                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_02                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_relay_rear_turret_right                 S1   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           RELAY_2slot                                                      Manned turrets                          
 $slot_fuse_01                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_02                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_enginering_screen                       S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_lifesupport                             S2   LifeSupportGenerator.UNDEFINED                    LFSP_TYDT_S02_ComfortAirPlus                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_01                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_02                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_03                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 

