AEGS_Eclipse
hardpoint_paint                                   S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_seat_pilot                              S0                                                     AEGS_Eclipse_SCItem_Seat_Pilot                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_access                             S0                                                     AEGS_Eclipse_SCItem_SeatAccess                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_dashboard                               S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 Radar_Helper                                     S0                                                     Radar_Display_Eclipse                                            DISABLED                                
 Display_HUD                                      S0                                                     H_Dashboard_Projector_HUD_AEGS_Eclipse                           DISABLED                                
 RTT_SS_Left                                      S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 RTT_SS_Right                                     S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 RTT_SS_Mid                                       S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 RTT_Annunciator                                  S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_Physical                                          DISABLED                                
hardpoint_controller_comms                        S0                                                     Controller_Comms                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_selfdestruct                            S1   SelfDestruct.UNDEFINED                            VHCL_SelfDestruct_10s                                            Self destruct                           
hardpoint_controller_energy                       S0                                                     Controller_Energy                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_cooler                       S0                                                     Controller_Cooler                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_shield                       S0                                                     Controller_Shield_AEGS_Eclipse                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_flight                       S0                                                     Controller_Flight_AEGS_Eclipse                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_weapon                       S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_missile                      S0                                                     Controller_Missile                                               UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_light                        S0                                                     Controller_Light                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_door                         S0                                                     Controller_Door                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_radar                                   S1                                                     RADR_GRNP_S01_Ecouter                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_powerplant                              S1   PowerPlant.Power                                  POWR_TYDT_S01_DeltaMax_SCItem                                    Power plants                            
hardpoint_fuel_tank_left                          S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_AEGS_Eclipse                                                Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_fuel_intake_left                        S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_AEGS_Eclipse                                                Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_intake_right                       S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_AEGS_Eclipse                                                Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_cooler                                  S1   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_TYDT_S01_VaporBlock_SCItem                                  Coolers                                 
hardpoint_cooler_2                                S1   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_TYDT_S01_VaporBlock_SCItem                                  Coolers                                 
hardpoint_quantum_drive                           S1   QuantumDrive.UNDEFINED                            QDRV_RACO_S01_Drift_SCItem                                       UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_Jump_Drive                             S1   JumpDrive.JumpDrive                                                                                                UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_jump_drive                             S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_quantum_fuel_tank_left                  S1   QuantumFuelTank.QuantumFuel                       QTNK_AEGS_Eclipse                                                Quantum fuel tanks                      
hardpoint_armour                                  S1   Armor.Light                                       ARMR_AEGS_Eclipse                                                Armor                                   
hardpoint_shield_generator_A                      S1   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_ASAS_S01_Veil_SCItem                                        Shield generators                       
hardpoint_shield_generator_B                      S1   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_ASAS_S01_Veil_SCItem                                        Shield generators                       
hardpoint_engine_left                             S1   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        AEGS_Eclipse_Thruster_Main                                       Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_engine_right                            S1   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        AEGS_Eclipse_Thruster_Main                                       Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_retro_left                     S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   AEGS_Eclipse_Thruster_Retro                                      Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_retro_right                    S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   AEGS_Eclipse_Thruster_Retro                                      Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_bottomFL                       S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   AEGS_Eclipse_Thruster_Mav_Ball                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_bottomFR                       S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   AEGS_Eclipse_Thruster_Mav_Ball                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_topFL                          S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   AEGS_Eclipse_Thruster_Mav_Ball                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_topFR                          S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   AEGS_Eclipse_Thruster_Mav_Ball                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_bottomRL                       S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   AEGS_Eclipse_Thruster_Mav_Joint                                  Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_bottomRR                       S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   AEGS_Eclipse_Thruster_Mav_Joint                                  Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_topRL                          S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   AEGS_Eclipse_Thruster_Mav_Joint                                  Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_topRR                          S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   AEGS_Eclipse_Thruster_Mav_Joint                                  Maneuvering thrusters                   
landingpad_helper                                 S1   LandingSystem.UNDEFINED                           Default_LandingSystem                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_weapon_left                             S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_weapon_right                            S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_torpedorack                             S9   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S09_AEGS_Eclipse                                            Missile racks                           
 missile_01_attach                                S9   Missile.Missile, Missile.Torpedo                  MISL_S09_CS_TALN_Argos                                           Missiles                                
 missile_02_attach                                S9   Missile.Missile, Missile.Torpedo                  MISL_S09_CS_TALN_Argos                                           Missiles                                
 missile_03_attach                                S9   Missile.Missile, Missile.Torpedo                  MISL_S09_CS_TALN_Argos                                           Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S9                                                     MISL_S09_CS_TALN_Argos                                           DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S9                                                     MISL_S09_CS_TALN_Argos                                           DISABLED                                
 missile_03_attach                                S9                                                     MISL_S09_CS_TALN_Argos                                           DISABLED                                
hardpoint_countermeasure_launcher_left            S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            AEGS_Eclipse_CML_Flare                                           Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_countermeasure_launcher_right           S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            AEGS_Eclipse_CML_Chaff                                           Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_controller_capacitor_assignment         S0                                                     Controller_CapacitorAssignment                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_fuel                         S0                                                     Controller_Fuel                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_fuel_port                               S1   DockingCollar.UNDEFINED                           DockingTube_Fuel_Ports_AEGS_Eclipse                              UNKNOWN                                 
 itemport_vehicle_attach                          S8   NOITEM_Vehicle                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_air_traffic_controller                  S0                                                     AEGS_Eclipse_ShipATCDataManager                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cockpit_flair                           S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_cockpit_flair_hang                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_relay                                   S1   Relay.UNDEFINED                                   RELAY_2slot_slim                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_01                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_02                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_lifesupport                             S1   LifeSupportGenerator.UNDEFINED                    LFSP_TYDT_S01_ComfortAir                                         UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_01                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_02                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_03                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 

