ANVL_Hornet_F7CM
hardpoint_paint                                   S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_seat_access                             S0                                                     ANVL_Hornet_F7CM_SeatAccess                                      UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_dashboard_pilot                         S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 hardpoint_cockpit_radar                          S0                                                     Radar_Display_Hornet_F7CM                                        DISABLED                                
 Display_HUD                                      S0                                                     H_Dashboard_Projector_HUD_ANVL_Hornet_F7CM                       DISABLED                                
 Screen_Left_Upper_RTT                            S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 Screen_Right_Upper_RTT                           S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 Screen_Left_Lower_RTT                            S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 Screen_Right_Lower_RTT                           S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 Screen_Annunciator_Left                          S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 Screen_Annunciator_Right                         S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_self_destruct_pilot                     S1   SelfDestruct.UNDEFINED                            VHCL_SelfDestruct_20s                                            Self destruct                           
hardpoint_seat_copilot                            S0                                                     ANVL_Hornet_F7CM_Seat_Copilot                                    UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_pilot                              S0                                                     ANVL_Hornet_F7CM_Seat_Pilot                                      UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_dashboard_copilot                       S0                                                     ANVL_Hornet_F7CM_Dashboard_Copilot                               UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_Left_RTT                                  S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_Right_RTT                                 S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_Right_RTT                                 S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 Screen_Left_RTT                                  S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
hardpoint_controller_door                         S0                                                     Controller_Door                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_comms                        S0                                                     Controller_Comms                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_energy                       S0                                                     Controller_Energy                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_power_plant                             S1   PowerPlant.Power                                  POWR_AEGS_S01_Regulus_SCItem                                     Power plants                            
hardpoint_controller_cooler                       S0                                                     Controller_Cooler                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cooler_left                             S1   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_AEGS_S01_Bracer_SCItem                                      Coolers                                 
hardpoint_cooler_right                            S1   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_AEGS_S01_Bracer_SCItem                                      Coolers                                 
hardpoint_controller_shield                       S0                                                     Controller_Shield_ANVL_Hornet                                    UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_shield_generator_left                   S1   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_GODI_S01_AllStop_SCItem                                     Shield generators                       
hardpoint_shield_generator_right                  S1   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_GODI_S01_AllStop_SCItem                                     Shield generators                       
hardpoint_armor                                   S1   Armor.Medium                                      ARMR_ANVL_Hornet_F7CM                                            Armor                                   
hardpoint_controller_flight                       S0                                                     Controller_Flight_ANVL_Hornet_F7CM                               UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_radar                                   S1                                                     RADR_GRNP_S01_Ecouter                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_light                        S0                                                     Controller_Light                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_scanner                                 S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_ping                                    S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_engine_attach                           S3   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        ANVL_Hornet_F7CM_Thruster_Main                                   Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_bottom_back_left               S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ANVL_Hornet_F7CM_Thruster_Mav_Joint_01                           Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_bottom_back_right              S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ANVL_Hornet_F7CM_Thruster_Mav_Joint_01                           Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_bottom_front_left              S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ANVL_Hornet_F7CM_Thruster_Mav_Joint_01                           Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_bottom_front_right             S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ANVL_Hornet_F7CM_Thruster_Mav_Joint_01                           Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_top_front_right                S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ANVL_Hornet_F7CM_Thruster_Retro                                  Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_top_front_left                 S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ANVL_Hornet_F7CM_Thruster_Retro                                  Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_top_back_right                 S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ANVL_Hornet_F7CM_Thruster_Mav_Joint_02                           Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_top_back_left                  S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ANVL_Hornet_F7CM_Thruster_Mav_Joint_02                           Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_fuel_intake_left                        S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_ANVL_Hornet_F7CM                                            Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_intake_right                       S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_ANVL_Hornet_F7CM                                            Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_tank_left                          S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_ANVL_Hornet_F7CM                                            Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_fuel_tank_right                         S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_ANVL_Hornet_F7CM                                            Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_quantum_drive                           S1   QuantumDrive.UNDEFINED                            QDRV_RSI_S01_Eos_SCItem                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_Jump_Drive                             S1   JumpDrive.JumpDrive                                                                                                UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_jump_drive                             S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_quantum_fuel_tank                       S1   QuantumFuelTank.QuantumFuel                       QTNK_ANVL_Hornet_F7CM                                            Quantum fuel tanks                      
landingpad_helper                                 S1   LandingSystem.UNDEFINED                           Default_LandingSystem                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_weapon                       S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_weapon_copilot               S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_gun_nose                                S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 hardpoint_class_1_left                           S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 hardpoint_class_1_right                          S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_gun_wing_left                           S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 hardpoint_class_2                                S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_gun_wing_right                          S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 hardpoint_class_2                                S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_gun_center                              S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 turret_left                                      S0   TurretBase.MannedTurret                                                                                            Manned turrets                          
 turret_right                                     S0   TurretBase.MannedTurret                                                                                            Manned turrets                          
hardpoint_missile_left                            S3   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S03_BEHR_Quad_S01                                           Missile racks                           
 missile_01_attach                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        Missiles                                
 missile_02_attach                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        Missiles                                
 missile_03_attach                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        Missiles                                
 missile_04_attach                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_03_attach                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_04_attach                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        DISABLED                                
hardpoint_missile_right                           S3   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S03_BEHR_Quad_S01                                           Missile racks                           
 missile_01_attach                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        Missiles                                
 missile_02_attach                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        Missiles                                
 missile_03_attach                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        Missiles                                
 missile_04_attach                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_03_attach                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_04_attach                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        DISABLED                                
hardpoint_countermeasure_left                     S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            ANVL_CML_Decoy_Small                                             Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_countermeasure_right                    S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            ANVL_CML_Noise_Small                                             Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_controller_missile                      S0                                                     Controller_Missile                                               UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_capacitor_assignment         S0                                                     Controller_CapacitorAssignment                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_fuel                         S0                                                     Controller_Fuel                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_fuel_port                               S1   DockingCollar.UNDEFINED                           DockingTube_Fuel_Ports_ANVL_Hornet                               UNKNOWN                                 
 itemport_vehicle_attach                          S8   NOITEM_Vehicle                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_air_traffic_controller                  S0                                                     ANVL_Hornet_ShipATCDataManager                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cockpit_flair                           S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_cockpit_flair_hang                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_relay                                   S1   Relay.UNDEFINED                                   RELAY_3slot                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_01                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_02                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_03                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_lifesupport                             S1   LifeSupportGenerator.UNDEFINED                    LFSP_TYDT_S01_ComfortAir                                         UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_01                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_02                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_03                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 

