ANVL_Arrow_Unmanned_Salvage
hardpoint_paint                                   S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_seat_access                             S0                                                     ANVL_Arrow_SeatAccess                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_pilot                              S0                                                     ANVL_Arrow_Seat_Pilot                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_dashboard_pilot                         S0                                                     ANVL_Arrow_Dashboard_Pilot                                       UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_cockpit_radar                          S1   Display                                                                                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S1                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 rtt_screen_top_left                              S1   Display                                                                                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 rtt_screen_top_right                             S1   Display                                                                                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 rtt_screen_bottom_left                           S1   Display                                                                                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 rtt_screen_bottom_right                          S1   Display                                                                                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 rtt_annunciator_left                             S1   Display                                                                                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 rtt_annunciator_right                            S1   Display                                                                                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_cockpit_radar                          S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 Display_HUD                                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 rtt_screen_top_left                              S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 rtt_screen_top_right                             S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 rtt_screen_bottom_left                           S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 rtt_screen_bottom_right                          S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 rtt_annunciator_left                             S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 rtt_annunciator_right                            S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_self_destruct_pilot                     S1   SelfDestruct.UNDEFINED                            VHCL_SelfDestruct_10s                                            Self destruct                           
hardpoint_controller_door                         S0                                                     Controller_Door                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_light                        S0                                                     Controller_Light                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_energy                       S0                                                     Controller_Energy                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_power_plant                             S1   PowerPlant.Power                                  POWR_AEGS_S01_Regulus_SCItem                                     Power plants                            
hardpoint_controller_cooler                       S0                                                     Controller_Cooler                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cooler_left                             S1   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_AEGS_S01_Bracer_SCItem                                      Coolers                                 
hardpoint_cooler_right                            S1   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_AEGS_S01_Bracer_SCItem                                      Coolers                                 
hardpoint_controller_comms                        S0                                                     Controller_Comms                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_shield                       S0                                                     Controller_Shield_ANVL_Arrow                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_shield_generator_left                   S1   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_GODI_S01_AllStop_SCItem                                     Shield generators                       
hardpoint_armor                                   S1   Armor.Medium                                      ARMR_ANVL_Arrow                                                  Armor                                   
hardpoint_controller_flight                       S0                                                     Controller_Flight_ANVL_Arrow                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_radar                                   S1                                                     RADR_GRNP_S01_Ecouter                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_scanner                                 S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_ping                                    S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_thruster_main                           S2   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        ANVL_Arrow_Thruster_Main                                         Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_retro_left                     S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ANVL_Arrow_Thruster_Retro                                        Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_retro_right                    S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ANVL_Arrow_Thruster_Retro                                        Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_mav_front_bottom_left          S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ANVL_Arrow_Thruster_Mav                                          Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_front_bottom_right         S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ANVL_Arrow_Thruster_Mav                                          Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_front_top_left             S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ANVL_Arrow_Thruster_Mav                                          Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_front_top_right            S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ANVL_Arrow_Thruster_Mav                                          Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_rear_bottom_left           S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ANVL_Arrow_Thruster_Mav                                          Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_rear_bottom_right          S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ANVL_Arrow_Thruster_Mav                                          Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_rear_top_left              S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ANVL_Arrow_Thruster_Mav                                          Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_rear_top_right             S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ANVL_Arrow_Thruster_Mav                                          Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_fuel_intake_left                        S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_ANVL_Arrow                                                  Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_intake_right                       S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_ANVL_Arrow                                                  Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_tank_left                          S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_ANVL_Arrow                                                  Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_fuel_tank_right                         S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_ANVL_Arrow                                                  Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_quantum_drive                           S1   QuantumDrive.UNDEFINED                            QDRV_WETK_S01_Beacon_SCItem                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_Jump_Drive                             S1   JumpDrive.JumpDrive                                                                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_quantum_fuel_tank                       S1   QuantumFuelTank.QuantumFuel                       QTNK_ANVL_Arrow                                                  Quantum fuel tanks                      
landingpad_helper                                 S1   LandingSystem.UNDEFINED                           Default_LandingSystem                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_weapon                       S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_gimbal_mount                            S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon_01                              S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon_02                              S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_weapon_wing_left                        S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_weapon_wing_right                       S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_missile_wing_right_outer                S2   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S02_BEHR_Single_S02                                         Missile racks                           
 missile_01_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_EM_TALN_Dominator                                       Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_EM_TALN_Dominator                                       DISABLED                                
hardpoint_missile_wing_left_outer                 S2   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S02_BEHR_Single_S02                                         Missile racks                           
 missile_01_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
hardpoint_missile_wing_left_inner                 S3   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S03_BEHR_Dual_S02                                           Missile racks                           
 missile_01_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_EM_TALN_Dominator                                       Missiles                                
 missile_02_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_EM_TALN_Dominator                                       Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_EM_TALN_Dominator                                       DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_EM_TALN_Dominator                                       DISABLED                                
hardpoint_missile_wing_right_inner                S3   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S03_BEHR_Dual_S02                                           Missile racks                           
 missile_01_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          Missiles                                
 missile_02_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
hardpoint_countermeasure_launcher_left            S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            ANVL_CML_Decoy_Small                                             Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_countermeasure_launcher_right           S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            ANVL_CML_Noise_Small                                             Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_lifesupport                             S1   LifeSupportGenerator.UNDEFINED                    LFSP_TYDT_S01_ComfortAir                                         UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_01                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_02                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_03                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_missile                      S0                                                     Controller_Missile                                               UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_capacitor_assignment         S0                                                     Controller_CapacitorAssignment                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_fuel                         S0                                                     Controller_Fuel                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_fuel_port                               S1   DockingCollar.UNDEFINED                           DockingTube_Fuel_Ports_ANVL_Arrow                                UNKNOWN                                 
 itemport_vehicle_attach                          S8   NOITEM_Vehicle                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_air_traffic_controller                  S0                                                     ANVL_Arrow_ShipATCDataManager                                    UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cockpit_flair_hang                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_relay                                   S1   Relay.UNDEFINED                                   RELAY_2slot_slim                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_01                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_02                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 

