ANVL_Lightning_F8C_Plat
hardpoint_paint                                   S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_armor                                   S1   Armor.Medium                                      ARMR_ANVL_Lightning_F8                                           Armor                                   
hardpoint_selfdestruct                            S1   SelfDestruct.UNDEFINED                            VHCL_SelfDestruct_20s                                            Self destruct                           
hardpoint_controller_comms                        S0                                                     Controller_Comms                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_cooler                       S0                                                     Controller_Cooler                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_door                         S0                                                     Controller_Door                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_energy                       S0                                                     Controller_Energy                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_flight                       S0                                                     Controller_Flight_ANVL_Lightning_F8C                             UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_light                        S0                                                     Controller_Light                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_shield                       S0                                                     Controller_Shield_ANVL_Lightning_F8                              UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_weapon                       S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_missile                      S0                                                     Controller_Missile                                               UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_capacitor_assignment         S0                                                     Controller_CapacitorAssignment                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_fuel                         S0                                                     Controller_Fuel                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_air_traffic_controller                  S0                                                     ANVL_Lightning_ShipATCDataManager                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_fuel_intake_left                        S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_ANVL_Lightning_F8                                           Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_intake_right                       S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_ANVL_Lightning_F8                                           Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_tank_left                          S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_ANVL_Lightning_F8                                           Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_fuel_tank_right                         S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_ANVL_Lightning_F8                                           Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_fuel_port                               S1   DockingCollar.UNDEFINED                           DockingTube_Fuel_Ports_ANVL_Lightning                            UNKNOWN                                 
 itemport_vehicle_attach                          S8   NOITEM_Vehicle                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_powerplant                              S2   PowerPlant.Power                                  POWR_AEGS_S02_Maelstrom_SCItem                                   Power plants                            
hardpoint_cooler_left                             S1   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_AEGS_S01_Polar_SCItem                                       Coolers                                 
hardpoint_cooler_right                            S1   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_AEGS_S01_Polar_SCItem                                       Coolers                                 
hardpoint_shield_generator_A                      S2   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_ASAS_S02_Sheut_SCItem                                       Shield generators                       
hardpoint_shield_generator_B                      S2   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_ASAS_S02_Sheut_SCItem                                       Shield generators                       
hardpoint_quantum_drive                           S1   QuantumDrive.UNDEFINED                            QDRV_TARS_S01_Expedition_SCItem                                  UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_Jump_Drive                             S1   JumpDrive.JumpDrive                                                                                                UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_jump_drive                             S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_quantum_fuel_tank                       S1   QuantumFuelTank.QuantumFuel                       QTNK_ANVL_Hornet_F8                                              Quantum fuel tanks                      
hardpoint_radar                                   S1                                                     RADR_GRNP_S01_Ecouter                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_pilot                              S0                                                     ANVL_Lightning_F8_SCItem_Seat_Pilot                              UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_dashboard_pilot                         S0                                                     ANVL_Lightning_F8_SCItem_Dashboard_Pilot                         UNKNOWN                                 
 Radar_Helper                                     S1   Display                                           Radar_Display_Lighning_F8                                        UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S1                                                     H_Dashboard_Projector_HUD_ANVL_Lightning_F8                      UNKNOWN                                 
 MFD_Lower_Left                                   S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 MFD_Lower_Right                                  S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 MFD_Upper_Left                                   S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 MFD_Upper_Right                                  S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 MFD_Annunciator_Left                             S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_Physical                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 MFD_Annunciator_Right                            S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_Physical                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 Radar_Helper                                     S0                                                     Radar_Display_Lighning_F8                                        DISABLED                                
 Display_HUD                                      S0                                                     H_Dashboard_Projector_HUD_ANVL_Lightning_F8                      DISABLED                                
 MFD_Lower_Left                                   S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 MFD_Lower_Right                                  S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 MFD_Upper_Left                                   S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 MFD_Upper_Right                                  S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 MFD_Annunciator_Left                             S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_Physical                                          DISABLED                                
 MFD_Annunciator_Right                            S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_Physical                                          DISABLED                                
hardpoint_seat_access                             S0                                                     ANVL_Lightning_F8_SCItem_SeatAccess                              UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_engine_mid                              S1   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        ANVL_Lightning_F8_Thruster_Main                                  Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_engine_left                             S1   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        ANVL_Lightning_F8_Thruster_Main                                  Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_engine_right                            S1   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        ANVL_Lightning_F8_Thruster_Main                                  Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_retro_left                     S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ANVL_Lightning_F8_Thruster_Retro                                 Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_retro_right                    S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ANVL_Lightning_F8_Thruster_Retro                                 Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_bottomFL                       S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ANVL_Lightning_F8_Thruster_Mav_Joint                             Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_bottomFR                       S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ANVL_Lightning_F8_Thruster_Mav_Joint                             Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_topFL                          S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ANVL_Lightning_F8_Thruster_Mav_Joint                             Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_topFR                          S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ANVL_Lightning_F8_Thruster_Mav_Joint                             Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_bottomRL                       S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ANVL_Lightning_F8_Thruster_Mav_Joint                             Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_bottomRR                       S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ANVL_Lightning_F8_Thruster_Mav_Joint                             Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_topRL                          S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ANVL_Lightning_F8_Thruster_Mav_Joint                             Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_topRR                          S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ANVL_Lightning_F8_Thruster_Mav_Joint                             Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_topCL                          S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ANVL_Lightning_F8_Thruster_Mav_Joint                             Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_topCR                          S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ANVL_Lightning_F8_Thruster_Mav_Joint                             Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_bottomCL                       S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ANVL_Lightning_F8_Thruster_Mav_Joint                             Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_bottomCR                       S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ANVL_Lightning_F8_Thruster_Mav_Joint                             Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_weapon_left_nose                        S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_weapon_right_nose                       S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_weapon_left_wing_inner                  S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_weapon_right_wing_inner                 S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_weapon_left_wing_outer                  S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_weapon_right_wing_outer                 S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_weapon_turret                           S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon_01                              S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon_02                              S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_weapon_missilerack_left                 S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                     MRCK_S04_ANVL_Lightning_F8_Quad                                  Weapon hardpoints                       
 missile_01_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          Missiles                                
 missile_02_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          Missiles                                
 missile_03_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          Missiles                                
 missile_04_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
 missile_03_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
 missile_04_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
hardpoint_weapon_missilerack_right                S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                     MRCK_S04_ANVL_Lightning_F8_Quad                                  Weapon hardpoints                       
 missile_01_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          Missiles                                
 missile_02_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          Missiles                                
 missile_03_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          Missiles                                
 missile_04_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
 missile_03_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
 missile_04_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
hardpoint_countermeasure_launcher_left            S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            ANVL_CML_Decoy_Small                                             Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_countermeasure_launcher_right           S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            ANVL_CML_Noise_Small                                             Countermeasures                         
landingpad_helper                                 S1   LandingSystem.UNDEFINED                           Default_LandingSystem                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cockpit_flair                           S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_relay                                   S1   Relay.UNDEFINED                                   RELAY_3slot                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_01                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_02                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_03                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_lifesupport                             S1   LifeSupportGenerator.UNDEFINED                    LFSP_TYDT_S01_ComfortAir                                         UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_01                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_02                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_03                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 

