ANVL_C8R_Pisces
hardpoint_paint                                   S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_cockpit_selfDestruct                    S1   SelfDestruct.UNDEFINED                            VHCL_SelfDestruct_30s                                            Self destruct                           
hardpoint_controller_cooler                       S0                                                     Controller_Cooler                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_energy                       S0                                                     Controller_Energy                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_flight                       S0                                                     Controller_Flight_ANVL_Pisces_C8R                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_scanner                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_controller_shield                       S0                                                     Controller_Shield_ANVL_Pisces                                    UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_weapon                       S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cooler                                  S1   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_AEGS_S01_Bracer_SCItem                                      Coolers                                 
hardpoint_dashboard_pilot                         S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 radar_helper                                     S0                                                     Radar_Display_Template                                           DISABLED                                
 Display_HUD                                      S0                                                     H_Dashboard_Projector_HUD_ANVL_C8_Pisces                         DISABLED                                
 Screen_Support_Left                              S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 Screen_MFD_Left                                  S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 Screen_MFD_Right                                 S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 Screen_Support_Right                             S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 Screen_Annunciator_Center                        S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_Physical                                          DISABLED                                
hardpoint_fuel_intake_left                        S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_ANVL_Pisces                                                 Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_intake_right                       S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_ANVL_Pisces                                                 Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_tank                               S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_ANVL_Pisces                                                 Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_ping                                    S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_power_plant                             S1   PowerPlant.Power                                  POWR_AEGS_S01_Regulus_SCItem                                     Power plants                            
hardpoint_radar                                   S1                                                     RADR_GRNP_S01_Ecouter                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_access                             S0                                                     ANVL_Pisces_C8R_SeatAccess                                       UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_pilot                              S0                                                     ANVL_Pisces_C8R_Seat_Pilot                                       UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_shield_generator                        S1   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_ASAS_S01_Shimmer_SCItem                                     Shield generators                       
hardpoint_thruster_front_bottom_left              S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ANVL_Pisces_Thruster_Mav_Joint_C8R                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_front_bottom_right             S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ANVL_Pisces_Thruster_Mav_Joint_C8R                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_front_side_left                S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ANVL_Pisces_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_C8R                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_front_side_right               S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ANVL_Pisces_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_C8R                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_front_top_left                 S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ANVL_Pisces_Thruster_Mav_Joint_Top_C8R                           Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_front_top_right                S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ANVL_Pisces_Thruster_Mav_Joint_Top_C8R                           Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_main_left                      S1   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        ANVL_Pisces_Thruster_Main_Left_C8R                               Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_main_right                     S1   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        ANVL_Pisces_Thruster_Main_Right_C8R                              Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_rear_bottom_left               S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ANVL_Pisces_Thruster_Mav_Joint_C8R                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_rear_bottom_right              S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ANVL_Pisces_Thruster_Mav_Joint_C8R                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_rear_side_left                 S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ANVL_Pisces_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_C8R                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_rear_side_right                S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ANVL_Pisces_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_C8R                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_rear_top_left                  S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ANVL_Pisces_Thruster_Mav_Joint_Top_C8R                           Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_rear_top_right                 S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ANVL_Pisces_Thruster_Mav_Joint_Top_C8R                           Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_retro_left                     S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ANVL_Pisces_Thruster_Retro_Left_C8R                              Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_retro_right                    S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ANVL_Pisces_Thruster_Retro_Right_C8R                             Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_controller_light                        S0                                                     Controller_Light                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_countermeasures_launcher_leftS0                                                     ANVL_Valkyrie_CML_Flare                                          UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_countermeasures_launcher_rightS0                                                     ANVL_Valkyrie_CML_Chaff                                          UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_quantum_drive                           S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 hardpoint_jump_drive                             S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_quantum_fuel_tank                       S1   QuantumFuelTank.QuantumFuel                       QTNK_ANVL_Pisces                                                 Quantum fuel tanks                      
hardpoint_controller_comms                        S0                                                     Controller_Comms                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
landingpad_helper                                 S1   LandingSystem.UNDEFINED                           Default_LandingSystem                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_weapon_gun_left                         S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_weapon_gun_right                        S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_controller_door                         S0                                                     Controller_Door                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_door                                    S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    Door_RN_RoomConnector_Breachable_OpenClose_IP_Pisces_C8R         Doors                                   
hardpoint_weapon_missile_right                    S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     MRCK_S01_BEHR_Single_S01                                         Weapon hardpoints                       
 missile_01_attach                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        DISABLED                                
hardpoint_weapon_missile_left                     S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     MRCK_S01_BEHR_Single_S01                                         Weapon hardpoints                       
 missile_01_attach                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        DISABLED                                
hardpoint_controller_fuel                         S0                                                     Controller_Fuel                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_fuel_port                               S1   DockingCollar.UNDEFINED                           DockingTube_Fuel_Ports_ANVL_Pisces_Rescue                        UNKNOWN                                 
 itemport_vehicle_attach                          S8   NOITEM_Vehicle                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_air_traffic_controller                  S0                                                     ANVL_Pisces_Rescue_ShipATCDataManager                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cockpit_flair                           S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_lifesupport                             S1   LifeSupportGenerator.UNDEFINED                    LFSP_TYDT_S01_ComfortAir                                         UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_01                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_02                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_03                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_missile                      S0                                                     Controller_Missile                                               UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_weapon_regen_pool                       S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_weapon_regen_pool_turrets               S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_controller_capacitor_assignment         S0                                                     Controller_CapacitorAssignment                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_Extinguisher                            S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_personal_storage                        S1   Cargo.UNDEFINED                                   PersonalStorage_ANVL_C8R                                         Cargo grids                             
hardpoint_medical_storage                         S1   Cargo.UNDEFINED                                   MedicalStorage_ANVL_C8R                                          Cargo grids                             
hardpoint_front_siren                             S1   Container.UNDEFINED                               ANVL_Pisces_C8R_Siren                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_left_siren                              S1   Container.UNDEFINED                               ANVL_Pisces_C8R_Siren_Small                                      UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_right_siren                             S1   Container.UNDEFINED                               ANVL_Pisces_C8R_Siren_Small                                      UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_relay                                   S1   Relay.UNDEFINED                                   RELAY_2slot_slim                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_01                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_02                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 

