ARGO_RAFT_Unmanned_Salvage
hardpoint_paint                                   S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_quantum_fuel_1                          S2   QuantumFuelTank.QuantumFuel                       QTNK_ARGO_RAFT_Large                                             Quantum fuel tanks                      
hardpoint_thruster_VTOL_rear_left                 S1   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        ARGO_RAFT_Thruster_VTOL                                          VTOL thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_VTOL_rear_right                S1   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        ARGO_RAFT_Thruster_VTOL                                          VTOL thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_VTOL_front_right               S1   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        ARGO_RAFT_Thruster_VTOL                                          VTOL thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_VTOL_front_left                S1   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        ARGO_RAFT_Thruster_VTOL                                          VTOL thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_side_rear_left                 S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ARGO_RAFT_Thruster_Mav                                           Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_side_rear_right                S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ARGO_RAFT_Thruster_Mav                                           Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_side_front_right               S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ARGO_RAFT_Thruster_Mav                                           Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_side_front_left                S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ARGO_RAFT_Thruster_Mav                                           Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_top_rear_left                  S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ARGO_RAFT_Thruster_Mav_Top                                       Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_top_rear_right                 S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ARGO_RAFT_Thruster_Mav_Top                                       Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_top_front_right                S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ARGO_RAFT_Thruster_Mav_Top                                       Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_top_front_left                 S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ARGO_RAFT_Thruster_Mav_Top                                       Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_bottom_rear_left               S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ARGO_RAFT_Thruster_Mav_Bottom                                    Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_bottom_rear_right              S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ARGO_RAFT_Thruster_Mav_Bottom                                    Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_bottom_front_right             S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ARGO_RAFT_Thruster_Mav_Bottom                                    Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_bottom_front_left              S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ARGO_RAFT_Thruster_Mav_Bottom                                    Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_main_right_2                   S1   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        ARGO_RAFT_Thruster_Main                                          Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_main_right_1                   S1   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        ARGO_RAFT_Thruster_Main                                          Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_main_left_2                    S1   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        ARGO_RAFT_Thruster_Main                                          Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_main_left_1                    S1   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        ARGO_RAFT_Thruster_Main                                          Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_retro_right                    S1   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        ARGO_RAFT_Thruster_Retro_Right                                   Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_retro_left                     S1   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        ARGO_RAFT_Thruster_Retro                                         Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_fuel_tank_1                             S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_ARGO_RAFT_Large                                             Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_controller_missile                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_airlock                                 S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    Door_RN_RoomConnector_Breachable_OpenClose_RAFT                  Doors                                   
hardpoint_weapon_locker                           S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     Weapon_Rack_RAFT_Weapon_Rack                                     Weapon hardpoints                       
 $IP_rifle_01                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rifle_02                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rifle_03                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rifle_04                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_01                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_02                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_03                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_04                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_05                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_06                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_weapon_right                            S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_weapon_left                             S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_shield_generator_2                      S2   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_BASL_S02_Aspis_SCItem                                       Shield generators                       
hardpoint_shield_generator_1                      S2   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_BASL_S02_Aspis_SCItem                                       Shield generators                       
hardpoint_seat_pilot_seat_access                  S0                                                     ARGO_RAFT_SCItem_SeatAccess                                      UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_pilot                              S0                                                     ARGO_RAFT_SCItem_Seat_Pilot                                      UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_copilot_seat_access                S0                                                     ARGO_RAFT_SCItem_SeatAccess_CoPilot                              UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_copilot                            S0                                                     ARGO_RAFT_SCItem_Seat_CoPilot                                    UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_power_plant_2                           S2   PowerPlant.Power                                  POWR_JUST_S02_Diligence_SCItem                                   Power plants                            
hardpoint_power_plant_1                           S2   PowerPlant.Power                                  POWR_JUST_S02_Diligence_SCItem                                   Power plants                            
hardpoint_remote_turret_controller                S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_remote_turret                           S0   TurretBase.MannedTurret                                                                                            Manned turrets                          
 turret_right                                     S0   TurretBase.MannedTurret                                                                                            Manned turrets                          
  hardpoint_class_2                               S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 turret_left                                      S0   TurretBase.MannedTurret                                                                                            Manned turrets                          
  hardpoint_class_2                               S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_quantum_drive                           S2   QuantumDrive.UNDEFINED                            QDRV_JUST_S02_Bolon_SCItem                                       UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_Jump_Drive                             S2   JumpDrive.JumpDrive                                                                                                UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_jump_drive                             S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_ping                                    S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_fuel_intake_r                           S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_ARGO_RAFT                                                   Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_intake_l                           S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_ARGO_RAFT                                                   Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_countermeasures_2                       S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            ARGO_RAFT_CML_Chaff_Small                                        Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_countermeasures_1                       S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            ARGO_RAFT_CML_Decoy_Small                                        Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_cooler_2                                S2   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_JUST_S02_CoolCore_SCItem                                    Coolers                                 
hardpoint_cooler_1                                S2   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_JUST_S02_CoolCore_SCItem                                    Coolers                                 
hardpoint_controller_weapon                       S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_shield                       S0                                                     Controller_Shield_ARGO_RAFT                                      UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_scanner                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_controller_light                        S0                                                     Controller_Light                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_flight                       S0                                                     Controller_Flight_ARGO_RAFT                                      UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_energy                       S0                                                     Controller_Energy                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_door                         S0                                                     Controller_Door                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_cooler                       S0                                                     Controller_Cooler                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_comms                        S0                                                     Controller_Comms                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cockpit_selfDestruct                    S1   SelfDestruct.UNDEFINED                            VHCL_SelfDestruct_45s                                            Self destruct                           
hardpoint_armor                                   S1   Armor.Medium                                      ARMR_ARGO_RAFT                                                   Armor                                   
hardpoint_seat_cargo_seat_access                  S0                                                     ARGO_RAFT_SCItem_SeatAccess_Cargo                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_cargo                              S0                                                     ARGO_RAFT_SCItem_Seat_Cargo                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 MFD_Centre                                       S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 MFD_Centre                                       S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
hardpoint_dashboard_pilot                         S0                                                     ARGO_RAFT_SCItem_Dashboard_Pilot                                 UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S1                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 MFD_Left                                         S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 MFD_Middle                                       S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 MFD_Right                                        S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 MFD_Radar                                        S1   Display                                           Radar_Display_Screen_Template                                    UNKNOWN                                 
 status_right                                     S0                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 status_left                                      S0                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 HUD_Left                                         S0                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 HUD_Right                                        S0                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 MFD_Radar                                        S0                                                     Radar_Display_Screen_Template                                    DISABLED                                
 MFD_Right                                        S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 MFD_Middle                                       S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 MFD_Left                                         S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 screen_annunciator                               S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_Physical                                          DISABLED                                
 status_right                                     S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 HUD_Right                                        S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 HUD_Left                                         S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 status_left                                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_dashboard_copilot                       S0                                                     ARGO_RAFT_SCItem_Dashboard_CoPilot                               UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S1                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 MFD_Left                                         S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 MFD_Middle                                       S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 MFD_Right                                        S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 MFD_Radar                                        S1   Display                                           Radar_Display_Screen_Template                                    UNKNOWN                                 
 status_right                                     S0                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 status_left                                      S0                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 HUD_Left                                         S0                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 HUD_Right                                        S0                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 MFD_Radar                                        S0                                                     Radar_Display_Screen_Template                                    DISABLED                                
 MFD_Right                                        S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 MFD_Middle                                       S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 MFD_Left                                         S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 screen_annunciator                               S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_Physical                                          DISABLED                                
 status_right                                     S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 HUD_Right                                        S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 HUD_Left                                         S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 status_left                                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_controller_capacitor_assignment         S0                                                     Controller_CapacitorAssignment                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_radar                                   S1                                                     RADR_GRNP_S01_Ecouter                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cargo_01                                S1   CargoGrid.UNDEFINED                               ARGO_RAFT_CargoGrid_Main                                         UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_fuel                         S0                                                     Controller_Fuel                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_fuel_port                               S1   DockingCollar.UNDEFINED                           DockingTube_Fuel_Ports_ARGO_RAFT                                 UNKNOWN                                 
 itemport_vehicle_attach                          S8   NOITEM_Vehicle                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_air_traffic_controller                  S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
landingpad_helper                                 S1   LandingSystem.UNDEFINED                           Default_LandingSystem                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_relay_01                                S1   Relay.UNDEFINED                                   RELAY_2slot                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_01                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_02                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_relay_02                                S1   Relay.UNDEFINED                                   RELAY_2slot                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_01                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_02                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_shield_generator_3                      S2   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_BASL_S02_Aspis_SCItem                                       Shield generators                       
hardpoint_lifesupport                             S1   LifeSupportGenerator.UNDEFINED                    LFSP_TYDT_S01_ComfortAir                                         UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_01                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_02                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_03                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cockpit_flair_hang                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_cargo_02                                S1   CargoGrid.UNDEFINED                               ARGO_RAFT_CargoGrid_Main                                         UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cargo_03                                S1   CargoGrid.UNDEFINED                               ARGO_RAFT_CargoGrid_Main                                         UNKNOWN                                 
                                                  S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
                                                  S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                

