ARGO_MPUV_Transport
hardpoint_paint                                   S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_pilot_chair                             S0                                                     ARGO_MPUV_SCItem_Seat_Pilot                                      UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_access                             S0                                                     ARGO_MPUV_SCItem_SeatAccess                                      UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_dashboard_pilot                         S0                                                     ARGO_MPUV_1T_SCItem_Dashboard_Pilot                              UNKNOWN                                 
 Afterburners                                     S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_Physical                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 Annunciator_Left                                 S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_Physical                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 Annunciator_Right                                S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_Physical                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 MFD_Left                                         S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 MFD_Right                                        S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 Radar                                            S1   Display                                           Radar_Display_Screen_Template                                    UNKNOWN                                 
 Velocity                                         S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_Physical                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 MFD_Left                                         S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 MFD_Right                                        S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 Radar                                            S0                                                     Radar_Display_Screen_Template                                    DISABLED                                
 Annunciator_Left                                 S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_Physical                                          DISABLED                                
 Annunciator_Right                                S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_Physical                                          DISABLED                                
 Velocity                                         S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_Physical                                          DISABLED                                
 Afterburners                                     S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_Physical                                          DISABLED                                
hardpoint_controller_energy                       S0                                                     Controller_Energy                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_cooler                       S0                                                     Controller_Cooler                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_shield                       S0                                                     Controller_Shield_ARGO_MPUV_Transport                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_flight                       S0                                                     Controller_Flight_ARGO_MPUV_Transport                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_weapon                       S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_door                         S0                                                     Controller_Door                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_light                        S0                                                     Controller_Light                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_comms                        S0                                                     Controller_Comms                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_selfdestruct                            S1   SelfDestruct.UNDEFINED                            VHCL_SelfDestruct_10s                                            Self destruct                           
hardpoint_scanner                                 S1   Radar.MidRangeRadar                               RADR_WLOP_S01_Capstan                                            Radars                                  
hardpoint_ping                                    S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_cargogrid                               S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_door_left                               S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_door_right                              S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_door_rear                               S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    Door_Ship_Exterior_ARGO_Transport_Rear                           Doors                                   
hardpoint_powerplant                              S0   PowerPlant.Power                                  POWR_LPLT_S00_IonWave_SCItem                                     Power plants                            
hardpoint_fuel_tank_left                          S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_ARGO_MPUV_Transport                                         Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_fuel_tank_right                         S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_ARGO_MPUV_Transport                                         Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_fuel_intake_left                        S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_ARGO_MPUV_Transport                                         Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_intake_right                       S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_ARGO_MPUV_Transport                                         Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_cooler_left                             S0   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_JSPN_S00_FrostStarSL_SCItem                                 Coolers                                 
hardpoint_cooler_right                            S0   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_JSPN_S00_FrostStarSL_SCItem                                 Coolers                                 
hardpoint_shield_generator                        S1   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_BASL_S01_Bulwark_SCItem                                     Shield generators                       
hardpoint_armor                                   S1   Armor.Medium                                      ARMR_ARGO_MPUV                                                   Armor                                   
hardpoint_engine_left                             S1   MainThruster.JointThruster                        ARGO_MPUV_Thruster_Main_Joint                                    Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_engine_middle_left                      S1   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        ARGO_MPUV_Thruster_Main                                          Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_engine_right                            S1   MainThruster.JointThruster                        ARGO_MPUV_Thruster_Main_Joint                                    Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_engine_middle_right                     S1   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        ARGO_MPUV_Thruster_Main                                          Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_front_left_middle              S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ARGO_MPUV_Thruster_Aux_Side                                      Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_front_left_top                 S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ARGO_MPUV_Thruster_Aux_Front_Top                                 Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_front_left_front               S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ARGO_MPUV_Thruster_Aux_Front                                     Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_front_left_bottom              S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ARGO_MPUV_Thruster_Aux_Fixed_03                                  Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_front_right_middle             S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ARGO_MPUV_Thruster_Aux_Side                                      Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_front_right_top                S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ARGO_MPUV_Thruster_Aux_Front_Top                                 Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_front_right_front              S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ARGO_MPUV_Thruster_Aux_Front                                     Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_front_right_bottom             S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ARGO_MPUV_Thruster_Aux_Fixed_03                                  Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_rear_left_middle               S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ARGO_MPUV_Thruster_Aux_Side_Rear                                 Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_rear_left_top                  S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ARGO_MPUV_Thruster_Aux_Top                                       Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_rear_left_bottom               S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ARGO_MPUV_Thruster_Aux_Bottom                                    Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_rear_right_middle              S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ARGO_MPUV_Thruster_Aux_Side_Rear                                 Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_rear_right_top                 S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ARGO_MPUV_Thruster_Aux_Top                                       Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_rear_right_bottom              S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ARGO_MPUV_Thruster_Aux_Bottom                                    Maneuvering thrusters                   
landingpad_helper                                 S1   LandingSystem.UNDEFINED                           Default_LandingSystem                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_docking_collar                          S1   DockingCollar.UNDEFINED                           ARGO_MPUV_DockingTube                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 itemport_vehicle_attach                          S8   NOITEM_Vehicle                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_air_traffic_controller                  S0                                                     ARGO_MPUV_ShipATCDataManager                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_capacitor_assignment         S0                                                     Controller_CapacitorAssignment                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_access_leg_right                   S0                                                     ARGO_MPUV_SCItem_SeatAccess_Leg_Right                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_arm                                     S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_controller_fuel                         S0                                                     Controller_Fuel                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_fuel_port                               S1   DockingCollar.UNDEFINED                           DockingTube_Fuel_Ports_ARGO_MPUV                                 UNKNOWN                                 
 itemport_vehicle_attach                          S8   NOITEM_Vehicle                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_lifesupport                             S1   LifeSupportGenerator.UNDEFINED                    LFSP_TYDT_S01_ComfortAir                                         UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_01                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_02                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_03                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_access_leg_left                    S0                                                     ARGO_MPUV_SCItem_SeatAccess_Leg_Left                             UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cockpit_flair_hang                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_relay                                   S1   Relay.UNDEFINED                                   RELAY_2slot                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_01                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_02                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 

