ARGO_SRV
hardpoint_paint                                   S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_seat_pilot                              S0                                                     ARGO_SRV_SCItem_Seat                                             UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_dashboard_pilot                         S0                                                     ARGO_SRV_SCItem_Dashboard_Pilot                                  UNKNOWN                                 
 Radar_Helper                                     S1   Display                                                                                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S1   Display                                                                                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_MFD_Left                                  S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_MFD_Right                                 S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_MFD_Radar                                 S1   Display                                           Radar_Display_Screen_Template                                    UNKNOWN                                 
 screen_annunciator                               S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_Physical                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 HUD_Left                                         S0                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 HUD_Right                                        S0                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 Screen_MFD_Radar                                 S0                                                     Radar_Display_Screen_Template                                    DISABLED                                
 Screen_MFD_Left                                  S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 Screen_MFD_Right                                 S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 screen_annunciator                               S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_Physical                                          DISABLED                                
 HUD_Right                                        S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 HUD_Left                                         S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_seat_access                             S0                                                     ARGO_SRV_SCItem_SeatAccess                                       UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_ping                                    S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_cockpit_flair_hang                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_MainTractorBeamArm                      S1   ToolArm.UNDEFINED                                 ARGO_SRV_MainTractorBeamArm                                      Utility hardpoints                      
 hardpoint_tractorbeam                            S2   Turret.Utility                                    ARGO_SRV_Remote_Turret                                           Utility hardpoints                      
  turret_left                                     S3   TowingBeam                                        ARGO_TowingBeam_S3                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_tractorbeam                            S0   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           ARGO_SRV_Remote_Turret                                           Utility hardpoints                      
  turret_left                                     S3   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           ARGO_TowingBeam_S3                                               Manned turrets                          
hardpoint_armor                                   S1   Armor.Medium                                      ARMR_ARGO_SRV                                                    Armor                                   
hardpoint_controller_comms                        S0                                                     Controller_Comms                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_cooler                       S0                                                     Controller_Cooler                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_door                         S0                                                     Controller_Door                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_energy                       S0                                                     Controller_Energy                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_flight                       S0                                                     Controller_Flight_ARGO_SRV                                       UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_light                        S0                                                     Controller_Light                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_scanner                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_controller_shield                       S0                                                     Controller_Shield_ARGO_SRV                                       UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_weapon                       S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cooler                                  S2   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_JUST_S02_CoolCore_SCItem                                    Coolers                                 
hardpoint_heat_sink                               S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_power_plant                             S2   PowerPlant.Power                                  POWR_JUST_S02_Diligence_SCItem                                   Power plants                            
hardpoint_quantum_drive                           S2   QuantumDrive.UNDEFINED                            QDRV_JUST_S02_Huracan_SCItem                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_Jump_Drive                             S2   JumpDrive.JumpDrive                                                                                                UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_jump_drive                             S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_quantum_fuel_tank                       S1   QuantumFuelTank.QuantumFuel                       QTNK_ARGO_SRV                                                    Quantum fuel tanks                      
hardpoint_radar                                   S1                                                     RADR_CHCO_S01_SurveyorLite                                       UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_self_destruct                           S1   SelfDestruct.UNDEFINED                            VHCL_SelfDestruct_45s                                            Self destruct                           
hardpoint_shield_generator                        S2   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_BEHR_S02_5MA_SCItem                                         Shield generators                       
landingpad_helper                                 S1   LandingSystem.UNDEFINED                           Default_LandingSystem                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_capacitor_assignment         S0                                                     Controller_CapacitorAssignment                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_fuel_tank                               S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_ARGO_SRV                                                    Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_fuel_intake_right                       S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_ARGO_SRV                                                    Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_intake_left                        S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_ARGO_SRV                                                    Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_countermeasure_launcher_left            S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            ARGO_SRV_CML_Decoy_Small                                         Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_countermeasure_launcher_right           S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            ARGO_SRV_CML_Chaff_Small                                         Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_thruster_main_left                      S1   MainThruster.UNDEFINED                            ARGO_SRV_Thruster_Main                                           Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_main_right                     S1   MainThruster.UNDEFINED                            ARGO_SRV_Thruster_Main                                           Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_retro_left                     S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       ARGO_SRV_Thruster_Retro                                          Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_retro_right                    S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       ARGO_SRV_Thruster_Retro                                          Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_VTOL_FLT                       S1   MainThruster.UNDEFINED                            ARGO_SRV_Thruster_VTOL_Front                                     VTOL thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_VTOL_FRT                       S1   MainThruster.UNDEFINED                            ARGO_SRV_Thruster_VTOL_Front                                     VTOL thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_VTOL_ML                        S1   MainThruster.UNDEFINED                            ARGO_SRV_Thruster_VTOL                                           VTOL thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_VTOL_MR                        S1   MainThruster.UNDEFINED                            ARGO_SRV_Thruster_VTOL                                           VTOL thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_VTOL_RL                        S1   MainThruster.UNDEFINED                            ARGO_SRV_Thruster_VTOL_Small                                     VTOL thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_VTOL_RR                        S1   MainThruster.UNDEFINED                            ARGO_SRV_Thruster_VTOL_Small                                     VTOL thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_RTL                            S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       ARGO_SRV_Thruster_Mav_Bottom                                     Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_RTR                            S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       ARGO_SRV_Thruster_Mav_Bottom                                     Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_RSL                            S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       ARGO_SRV_Thruster_Mav                                            Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_RSR                            S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       ARGO_SRV_Thruster_Mav                                            Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_RBL                            S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       ARGO_SRV_Thruster_Mav_Top                                        Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_RBR                            S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       ARGO_SRV_Thruster_Mav_Top                                        Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_FTL                            S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       ARGO_SRV_Thruster_Mav_Top                                        Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_FTR                            S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       ARGO_SRV_Thruster_Mav_Top                                        Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_FSL                            S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       ARGO_SRV_Thruster_Mav                                            Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_FSR                            S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       ARGO_SRV_Thruster_Mav                                            Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_FBL                            S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       ARGO_SRV_Thruster_Mav_Bottom                                     Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_FBR                            S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       ARGO_SRV_Thruster_Mav_Bottom                                     Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_lift                                    S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    ARGO_SRV_Entrance_Lift                                           Doors                                   
hardpoint_external_doors                          S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    ARGO_SRV_Exterior_Door                                           Doors                                   
hardpoint_cargo_lift                              S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    ARGO_SRV_Cargo_Lift                                              Doors                                   
 Cargo_Grid                                       S1   CargoGrid                                         ARGO_SRV_CargoGrid_Main                                          UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_thruster_VTOL_FLB                       S1   MainThruster.UNDEFINED                            ARGO_SRV_Thruster_VTOL_Front                                     VTOL thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_VTOL_FRB                       S1   MainThruster.UNDEFINED                            ARGO_SRV_Thruster_VTOL_Front                                     VTOL thrusters                          
hardpoint_controller_fuel                         S0                                                     Controller_Fuel                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_fuel_port                               S1   DockingCollar.UNDEFINED                           DockingTube_Fuel_Ports_ARGO_SRV                                  UNKNOWN                                 
 itemport_vehicle_attach                          S8   NOITEM_Vehicle                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_air_traffic_controller                  S0                                                     ARGO_SRV_ShipATCDataManager                                      UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_relay                                   S0                                                     PersonalStorage_ARGO_SRV                                         DISABLED                                
hardpoint_lifesupport                             S1   LifeSupportGenerator.UNDEFINED                    LFSP_TYDT_S01_ComfortAir                                         UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_01                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_02                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_03                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
                                                  S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_fuelport_ground                         S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    Door_Ship_Exterior_ARGO_SRV_Fuelport                             Doors                                   
hardpoint_extinguisher                            S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_weapon_rack                             S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     Weapon_Rack_ARGO_SRV                                             Weapon hardpoints                       
 $IP_rifle_01                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rifle_02                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rifle_03                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rifle_04                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rifle_05                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rifle_06                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_01                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_02                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_03                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_04                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_05                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_06                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_07                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_08                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_09                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_salvage                      S0                                                     Controller_Salvage_ARGO_SRV                                      UNKNOWN                                 

