ARGO_MPUV_1T
hardpoint_paint                                   S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_pilot_chair                             S0                                                     ARGO_MPUV_1T_SCItem_Seat_Pilot                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_access                             S0                                                     ARGO_MPUV_1T_SCItem_SeatAccess                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_dashboard_pilot                         S0                                                     ARGO_MPUV_1T_SCItem_Dashboard_Pilot                              UNKNOWN                                 
 Afterburners                                     S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_Physical                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 Annunciator_Left                                 S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_Physical                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 Annunciator_Right                                S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_Physical                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 MFD_Left                                         S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 MFD_Right                                        S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 Radar                                            S1   Display                                           Radar_Display_Screen_Template                                    UNKNOWN                                 
 Velocity                                         S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_Physical                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 HUD_Display                                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 MFD_Left                                         S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 MFD_Right                                        S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 Radar                                            S0                                                     Radar_Display_Screen_Template                                    DISABLED                                
 Annunciator_Left                                 S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_Physical                                          DISABLED                                
 Annunciator_Right                                S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_Physical                                          DISABLED                                
 Velocity                                         S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_Physical                                          DISABLED                                
 Afterburners                                     S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_Physical                                          DISABLED                                
hardpoint_controller_energy                       S0                                                     Controller_Energy                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_cooler                       S0                                                     Controller_Cooler                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_shield                       S0                                                     Controller_Shield_ARGO_MPUV_1T                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_flight                       S0                                                     Controller_Flight_ARGO_MPUV_1T                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_weapon                       S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_door                         S0                                                     Controller_Door                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_light                        S0                                                     Controller_Light                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_comms                        S0                                                     Controller_Comms                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_selfdestruct                            S1   SelfDestruct.UNDEFINED                            VHCL_SelfDestruct_30s                                            Self destruct                           
hardpoint_scanner                                 S1   Radar.MidRangeRadar                               RADR_WLOP_S01_Capstan                                            Radars                                  
hardpoint_ping                                    S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_cargogrid                               S1   CargoGrid.UNDEFINED                               ARGO_MPUV_1T_CargoGrid_Main                                      UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_avionics                                S1                                                     COMP_BEHR_S01_CSR-RP                                             DISABLED                                
hardpoint_fuel_tank_left                          S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_ARGO_MPUV_1T                                                Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_fuel_tank_right                         S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_ARGO_MPUV_1T                                                Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_fuel_intake_left                        S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_ARGO_MPUV_1T                                                Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_intake_right                       S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_ARGO_MPUV_1T                                                Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_cooler_left                             S0   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_JSPN_S00_FrostStarSL_SCItem                                 Coolers                                 
hardpoint_powerplant                              S0   PowerPlant.Power                                  POWR_LPLT_S00_IonWave_SCItem                                     Power plants                            
hardpoint_shield_generator                        S1   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_BASL_S01_Bulwark_SCItem                                     Shield generators                       
hardpoint_armor                                   S1   Armor.Medium                                      ARMR_ARGO_MPUV_1T                                                Armor                                   
hardpoint_engine_left                             S1   MainThruster.JointThruster                        ARGO_MPUV_1T_Thruster_Main_Joint                                 Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_engine_middle_left                      S1   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        ARGO_MPUV_1T_Thruster_Main                                       Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_engine_right                            S1   MainThruster.JointThruster                        ARGO_MPUV_1T_Thruster_Main_Joint                                 Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_engine_middle_right                     S1   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        ARGO_MPUV_1T_Thruster_Main                                       Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_front_left_middle              S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ARGO_MPUV_1T_Thruster_Aux_Side                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_front_left_top                 S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ARGO_MPUV_1T_Thruster_Aux_Front_Top                              Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_front_left_front               S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ARGO_MPUV_1T_Thruster_Aux_Front                                  Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_front_left_bottom              S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ARGO_MPUV_1T_Thruster_Aux_Fixed_03                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_front_right_middle             S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ARGO_MPUV_1T_Thruster_Aux_Side                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_front_right_top                S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ARGO_MPUV_1T_Thruster_Aux_Front_Top                              Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_front_right_front              S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ARGO_MPUV_1T_Thruster_Aux_Front                                  Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_front_right_bottom             S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ARGO_MPUV_1T_Thruster_Aux_Fixed_03                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_rear_left_middle               S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ARGO_MPUV_1T_Thruster_Aux_Side_Rear                              Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_rear_left_top                  S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ARGO_MPUV_1T_Thruster_Aux_Top                                    Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_rear_left_bottom               S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ARGO_MPUV_1T_Thruster_Aux_Bottom                                 Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_rear_right_middle              S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ARGO_MPUV_1T_Thruster_Aux_Side_Rear                              Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_rear_right_top                 S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ARGO_MPUV_1T_Thruster_Aux_Top                                    Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_rear_right_bottom              S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ARGO_MPUV_1T_Thruster_Aux_Bottom                                 Maneuvering thrusters                   
landingpad_helper                                 S1   LandingSystem.UNDEFINED                           Default_LandingSystem                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_ATC_controller                          S0                                                     ARGO_MPUV_1T_ShipATCDataManager                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_arm                                     S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_controller_fuel                         S0                                                     Controller_Fuel                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_fuel_port                               S1   DockingCollar.UNDEFINED                           DockingTube_Fuel_Ports_ARGO_MPUV_1T                              UNKNOWN                                 
 itemport_vehicle_attach                          S8   NOITEM_Vehicle                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_lifesupport                             S1   LifeSupportGenerator.UNDEFINED                    LFSP_TYDT_S01_ComfortAir                                         UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_01                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_02                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_03                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_capacitor_assignment         S0                                                     Controller_CapacitorAssignment                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cockpit_flair_hang                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_ulility_mount                           S2   TractorBeam.UNDEFINED                             GRIN_TractorBeam_S2                                              Utility hardpoints                      
hardpoint_controller_salvage                      S0                                                     Controller_Salvage_TractorBeamOnly                               Utility hardpoints                      
hardpoint_Ground_FuelPort                         S0                                                     Argo_MPUV-1T_Ground_FuelPort                                     DISABLED                                
hardpoint_battery                                 S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_relay                                   S1   Relay.UNDEFINED                                   RELAY_2slot_slim                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_01                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_02                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_lifesupport                             S1   LifeSupportGenerator.UNDEFINED                    LFSP_TYDT_S01_ComfortAir                                         UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_01                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_02                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_03                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_countermeasure_1                        S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            ARGO_MPUV_CML_Chaff_Small                                        Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_countermeasure_2                        S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            ARGO_MPUV_CML_Decoy_Small                                        Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_turret                                  S4   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           ARGO_MPUV_Remote_Turret                                          Manned turrets                          
 turret_weapon                                    S1   TractorBeam                                       GRIN_TractorBeam_S1                                              Utility hardpoints                      
 Turret_weapon                                    S1   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           GRIN_TractorBeam_S1                                              Utility hardpoints                      
hardpoint_door_left                               S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    Door_RN_RoomConnector_Breachable_OpenReverse_Argo_mpuv_1T_Door_LeftDoors                                   
 Exterior_Button                                  S0                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 Exterior_Button_2                                S0                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_door_right                              S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    Door_RN_RoomConnector_Breachable_OpenReverse_Argo_mpuv_1T_Door_RightDoors                                   
 Exterior_Button                                  S0                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 Exterior_Button_2                                S0                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_module                                  S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                

