BANU_Defender
hardpoint_paint                                   S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_seat_pilot                              S0                                                     BANU_Defender_Seat                                               UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_dashboard_pilot                         S0                                                     BANU_Defender_Dashboard_Pilot                                    UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_cockpit_radar                          S1   Display                                                                                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S1                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 rtt_screen_left                                  S1   Display                                                                                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 rtt_screen_right                                 S1   Display                                                                                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 rtt_screen_center_left                           S1   Display                                                                                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 rtt_screen_center_right                          S1   Display                                                                                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 rtt_screen_radar                                 S1   Display                                                                                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 rtt_screen_left                                  S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 rtt_screen_right                                 S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 rtt_screen_center_left                           S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 rtt_screen_center_right                          S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 rtt_screen_radar                                 S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_seat_copilot                            S0                                                     BANU_Defender_Seat_Right                                         UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_dashboard_copilot                       S0                                                     BANU_Defender_Dashboard_Pilot                                    UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_cockpit_radar                          S1   Display                                                                                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S1                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 rtt_screen_left                                  S1   Display                                                                                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 rtt_screen_right                                 S1   Display                                                                                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 rtt_screen_center_left                           S1   Display                                                                                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 rtt_screen_center_right                          S1   Display                                                                                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 rtt_screen_radar                                 S1   Display                                                                                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 rtt_screen_left                                  S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 rtt_screen_right                                 S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 rtt_screen_center_left                           S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 rtt_screen_center_right                          S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 rtt_screen_radar                                 S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_target_selector                         S0                                                     Controller_TargetSelector                                        UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_self_destruct                           S1   SelfDestruct.UNDEFINED                            VHCL_SelfDestruct_30s                                            Self destruct                           
hardpoint_controller_door                         S0                                                     Controller_Door                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_light                        S0                                                     Controller_Light                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_energy                       S0                                                     Controller_Energy                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_powerplant_01                           S1   PowerPlant.Power                                  POWR_LPLT_S01_IonBurst_SCItem                                    Power plants                            
hardpoint_powerplant_02                           S1   PowerPlant.Power                                  POWR_LPLT_S01_IonBurst_SCItem                                    Power plants                            
hardpoint_controller_cooler                       S0                                                     Controller_Cooler                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cooler_left                             S1   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_AEGS_S01_Polar_SCItem                                       Coolers                                 
hardpoint_cooler_right                            S1   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_AEGS_S01_Polar_SCItem                                       Coolers                                 
hardpoint_controller_comms                        S0                                                     Controller_Comms                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_shield                       S0                                                     Controller_Shield_BANU_Defender                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_shield_generator                        S2   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_BANU_S02_Placeholder_SCItem                                 Shield generators                       
hardpoint_armor                                   S1   Armor.Light                                       ARMR_BANU_Defender                                               Armor                                   
hardpoint_controller_flight                       S0                                                     Controller_Flight_BANU_Defender                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_radar_right                             S1                                                     RADR_GRNP_S01_Ecouter                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_scanner                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_ping                                    S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_thruster_main_left                      S2   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        BANU_Defender_Thruster_Main                                      Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_main_right                     S2   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        BANU_Defender_Thruster_Main                                      Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_retro_left                     S2   ManneuverThruster.Retro                           BANU_Defender_Thruster_Retro                                     Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_retro_right                    S2   ManneuverThruster.Retro                           BANU_Defender_Thruster_Retro                                     Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_rear_left_top                  S2   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   BANU_Defender_Thruster_Mav_Top                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_rear_left_side                 S2   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   BANU_Defender_Thruster_Mav_Lateral                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_rear_left_bottom               S2   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   BANU_Defender_Thruster_Mav_Bottom                                Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_rear_right_top                 S2   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   BANU_Defender_Thruster_Mav_Top                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_rear_right_side                S2   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   BANU_Defender_Thruster_Mav_Lateral                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_rear_right_bottom              S2   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   BANU_Defender_Thruster_Mav_Bottom                                Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_wing_left_top                  S2   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   BANU_Defender_Thruster_Mav_Top                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_wing_left_side                 S2   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   BANU_Defender_Thruster_Mav_Lateral                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_wing_left_bottom               S2   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   BANU_Defender_Thruster_Mav_Bottom                                Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_wing_right_top                 S2   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   BANU_Defender_Thruster_Mav_Top                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_wing_right_side                S2   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   BANU_Defender_Thruster_Mav_Lateral                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_wing_right_bottom              S2   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   BANU_Defender_Thruster_Mav_Bottom                                Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_fuel_intake_left                        S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_BANU_Defender                                               Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_intake_right                       S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_BANU_Defender                                               Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_tank_left                          S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_BANU_Defender                                               Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_fuel_tank_right                         S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_BANU_Defender                                               Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_quantum_drive                           S1   QuantumDrive.UNDEFINED                            QDRV_WETK_S01_Beacon_SCItem                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_Jump_Drive                             S1   JumpDrive.JumpDrive                               JDRV_TARS_S01_Explorer_SCItem                                    UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_jump_drive                             S1                                                     JDRV_TARS_S01_Explorer_SCItem                                    DISABLED                                
hardpoint_quantum_fuel_tank                       S1   QuantumFuelTank.QuantumFuel                       QTNK_BANU_Defender                                               Quantum fuel tanks                      
landingpad_helper                                 S1   LandingSystem.UNDEFINED                           Default_LandingSystem                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_weapon                       S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_weapon_nose_left                        S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_weapon_nose_right                       S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_weapon_wing_left                        S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_weapon_wing_right                       S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_missilerack_left                        S3   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S03_BEHR_Dual_S02                                           Missile racks                           
 missile_01_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          Missiles                                
 missile_02_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
hardpoint_missilerack_right                       S3   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S03_BEHR_Dual_S02                                           Missile racks                           
 missile_01_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          Missiles                                
 missile_02_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
hardpoint_countermeasure_launcher_left            S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            ANVL_Hurricane_CML_Flare                                         Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_countermeasure_launcher_right           S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            ANVL_Hurricane_CML_Chaff                                         Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_door_exterior                           S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    Door_RN_RoomConnector_Breachable_OpenClose_IP_Defender           Doors                                   
hardpoint_bed_left                                S1   Usable.UNDEFINED                                  Bed_Single_Defender_BANU_Right                                   Usables                                 
 Pillow                                           S2                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_bed_right                               S1   Usable.UNDEFINED                                  Bed_Single_Defender_BANU_Left                                    Usables                                 
 Pillow                                           S2                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_weapon_rack                             S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     Weapon_Rack_BANU_Defender_2_Slots                                Weapon hardpoints                       
 $proxy_weapon_01                                 S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $proxy_weapon_02                                 S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_missile                      S0                                                     Controller_Missile                                               UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_capacitor_assignment         S0                                                     Controller_CapacitorAssignment                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_fuel                         S0                                                     Controller_Fuel                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_fuel_port                               S1   DockingCollar.UNDEFINED                           DockingTube_Fuel_Ports_BANU_Defender                             UNKNOWN                                 
 itemport_vehicle_attach                          S8   NOITEM_Vehicle                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_air_traffic_controller                  S0                                                     BANU_Defender_ShipATCDataManager                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cockpit_flair_hang                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_relay                                   S1   Relay.UNDEFINED                                   RELAY_3slot                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_01                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_02                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_03                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_lifesupport                             S1   LifeSupportGenerator.UNDEFINED                    LFSP_TYDT_S01_ComfortAir                                         UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_01                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_02                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_03                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 

