CNOU_Nomad
hardpoint_paint                                   S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_seat_access                             S0                                                     CNOU_Nomad_SeatAccess_Pilot                                      UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_pilot                              S0                                                     CNOU_Nomad_Seat_Pilot                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_dashboard_pilot                         S0                                                     CNOU_Nomad_Dashboard_Pilot                                       UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S1                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 rtt_support_inner_left                           S1   Display                                                                                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 rtt_support_inner_right                          S1   Display                                                                                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 rtt_support_outer_left                           S1   Display                                                                                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 rtt_support_outer_right                          S1   Display                                                                                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 rtt_radar                                        S1   Display                                                                                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 rtt_annunciator_left                             S1   Display                                                                                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 rtt_annunciator_right                            S1   Display                                                                                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 rtt_support_inner_left                           S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 rtt_support_inner_right                          S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 rtt_support_outer_left                           S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 rtt_support_outer_right                          S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 rtt_radar                                        S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 rtt_annunciator_left                             S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 rtt_annunciator_right                            S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_self_destruct_pilot                     S1   SelfDestruct.UNDEFINED                            VHCL_SelfDestruct_30s                                            Self destruct                           
hardpoint_controller_comms                        S0                                                     Controller_Comms                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_door                         S0                                                     Controller_Door                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_light                        S0                                                     Controller_Light                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_energy                       S0                                                     Controller_Energy                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_power_plant                             S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_controller_cooler                       S0                                                     Controller_Cooler                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cooler_left                             S0   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                                                                                   Coolers                                 
hardpoint_cooler_right                            S0   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                                                                                   Coolers                                 
hardpoint_controller_shield                       S0                                                     Controller_Shield_CNOU_Nomad                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_shield_generator_01                     S1   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_SECO_S01_WEB_SCItem                                         Shield generators                       
hardpoint_shield_generator_02                     S1   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_SECO_S01_WEB_SCItem                                         Shield generators                       
hardpoint_shield_generator_03                     S1   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_SECO_S01_WEB_SCItem                                         Shield generators                       
hardpoint_armor                                   S1   Armor.Medium                                      ARMR_CNOU_Nomad                                                  Armor                                   
hardpoint_controller_flight                       S0                                                     Controller_Flight_CNOU_Nomad                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_radar                                   S1                                                     RADR_GRNP_S01_Ecouter                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_scanner                                 S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_ping                                    S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_thruster_main_left                      S2   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        CNOU_Nomad_Thruster_Main_Left                                    Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_main_right                     S2   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        CNOU_Nomad_Thruster_Main_Right                                   Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_retro_left                     S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   CNOU_Nomad_Thruster_Retro_Left                                   Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_retro_right                    S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   CNOU_Nomad_Thruster_Retro_Right                                  Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_mav_left_front_top             S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   CNOU_Nomad_Thruster_Mav_Joint                                    Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_left_front_bot             S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   CNOU_Nomad_Thruster_Mav_Joint                                    Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_left_mid_top               S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   CNOU_Nomad_Thruster_Mav_Joint                                    Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_left_mid_bot               S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   CNOU_Nomad_Thruster_Mav_Joint                                    Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_left_rear_top              S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   CNOU_Nomad_Thruster_Mav_Joint                                    Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_left_rear_bot              S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   CNOU_Nomad_Thruster_Mav_Joint                                    Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_right_front_top            S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   CNOU_Nomad_Thruster_Mav_Joint                                    Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_right_front_bot            S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   CNOU_Nomad_Thruster_Mav_Joint                                    Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_right_mid_top              S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   CNOU_Nomad_Thruster_Mav_Joint                                    Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_right_mid_bot              S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   CNOU_Nomad_Thruster_Mav_Joint                                    Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_right_rear_top             S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   CNOU_Nomad_Thruster_Mav_Joint                                    Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_right_rear_bot             S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   CNOU_Nomad_Thruster_Mav_Joint                                    Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_fuel_intake_left                        S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_CNOU_Nomad                                                  Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_intake_right                       S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_CNOU_Nomad                                                  Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_tank_left                          S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_CNOU_Nomad                                                  Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_fuel_tank_right                         S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_CNOU_Nomad                                                  Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_quantum_drive                           S1   QuantumDrive.UNDEFINED                            QDRV_TARS_S01_Expedition_SCItem                                  UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_Jump_Drive                             S1   JumpDrive.JumpDrive                               JDRV_TARS_S01_Explorer_SCItem                                    UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_jump_drive                             S1                                                     JDRV_TARS_S01_Explorer_SCItem                                    DISABLED                                
hardpoint_quantum_fuel_tank                       S1   QuantumFuelTank.QuantumFuel                       QTNK_CNOU_Nomad                                                  Quantum fuel tanks                      
landingpad_helper                                 S1   LandingSystem.UNDEFINED                           Default_LandingSystem                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_weapon                       S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_weapon_top_left                         S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_weapon_top_right                        S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_weapon_bottom                           S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_missiles_wing_left                      S4   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S04_CNOU_Quad_S02_Left                                      Missile racks                           
 missile_01_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     Missiles                                
 missile_02_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     Missiles                                
 missile_03_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     Missiles                                
 missile_04_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     DISABLED                                
 missile_03_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     DISABLED                                
 missile_04_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     DISABLED                                
hardpoint_missiles_wing_right                     S4   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S04_CNOU_Quad_S02_Right                                     Missile racks                           
 missile_01_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     Missiles                                
 missile_02_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     Missiles                                
 missile_03_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     Missiles                                
 missile_04_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     DISABLED                                
 missile_03_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     DISABLED                                
 missile_04_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     DISABLED                                
hardpoint_countermeasure_launcher_left            S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            CNOU_Nomad_CML_Flare                                             Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_countermeasure_launcher_right           S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            CNOU_Nomad_CML_Chaff                                             Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_seataccess_sidedoor                     S0                                                     CNOU_Nomad_SeatAccess_SideDoor                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cargo_bed                               S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    Door_Ship_Exterior_CNOU_Nomad_Cargo_Bed                          Doors                                   
 hardpoint_cargo_grid                             S1   Cargo                                             CNOU_Nomad_CargoGrid_Main                                        Cargo grids                             
hardpoint_bed                                     S1   Usable.UNDEFINED                                  Bed_Single_CNOU_Nomad                                            Usables                                 
 Pillow                                           S2                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_weapon_rack_01                          S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     Weapon_Rack_CNOU_Nomad                                           Weapon hardpoints                       
 $IP_rifle_01                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_weapon_rack_02                          S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     Weapon_Rack_CNOU_Nomad                                           Weapon hardpoints                       
 $IP_rifle_01                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_power_plant_rack                        S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    Door_RN_NoRoomConnector_Breachable_OpenClose_IP_Nomad            Doors                                   
hardpoint_controller_missile                      S0                                                     Controller_Missile                                               UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_capacitor_assignment         S0                                                     Controller_CapacitorAssignment                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_fuel                         S0                                                     Controller_Fuel                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_fuel_port                               S1   DockingCollar.UNDEFINED                           DockingTube_Fuel_Ports_CNOU_Nomad                                UNKNOWN                                 
 itemport_vehicle_attach                          S8   NOITEM_Vehicle                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_air_traffic_controller                  S0                                                     CNOU_Nomad_ShipATCDataManager                                    UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cockpit_flair                           S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_cockpit_flair_hang                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_turret                                  S4   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           CNOU_Nomad_Remote_Turret                                         Manned turrets                          
 turret_weapon                                    S1   Turret.GunTurret                                                                                                   Weapon hardpoints                       
 turret_weapon                                    S0   TurretBase.MannedTurret                                                                                            Manned turrets                          
hardpoint_controller_salvage                      S0                                                     Controller_Salvage_TractorBeamOnly                               Utility hardpoints                      
hardpoint_relay_cockpit                           S1   Relay.UNDEFINED                                   RELAY_2slot                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_01                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_02                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_lifesupport                             S1   LifeSupportGenerator.UNDEFINED                    LFSP_TYDT_S01_ComfortAir                                         UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_01                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_02                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_03                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 

