CNOU_Mustang_Omega
hardpoint_paint                                   S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_seat_access                             S0                                                     CNOU_Mustang_SeatAccess                                          UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_pilot_seat                              S0                                                     CNOU_Mustang_Seat_Pilot                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_cockpit_radar                          S1   Display                                                                                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_dashboard                               S0                                                     CNOU_Mustang_Dashboard                                           UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S1                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 Radar_HUD                                        S1   Display                                           Radar_Display_Screen_Template                                    UNKNOWN                                 
 Upper_Right_MFD                                  S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 Upper_Left_MFD                                   S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 Lower_Left_MFD                                   S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 Lower_Right_MFD                                  S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 Annunciator_Left                                 S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_Physical_Holo                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 Annunciator_Right                                S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_Physical_Holo                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 Radar_HUD                                        S0                                                     Radar_Display_Screen_Template                                    DISABLED                                
 Upper_Right_MFD                                  S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 Upper_Left_MFD                                   S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 Lower_Left_MFD                                   S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 Lower_Right_MFD                                  S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 Annunciator_Left                                 S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_Physical_Holo                                     DISABLED                                
 Annunciator_Right                                S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_Physical_Holo                                     DISABLED                                
hardpoint_self_destruct_pilot                     S1   SelfDestruct.UNDEFINED                            VHCL_SelfDestruct_10s                                            Self destruct                           
hardpoint_controller_door                         S0                                                     Controller_Door                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_light                        S0                                                     Controller_Light                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_energy                       S0                                                     Controller_Energy                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_power_plant                             S1   PowerPlant.Power                                  POWR_ACOM_S01_LumaCore_SCItem                                    Power plants                            
hardpoint_controller_cooler                       S0                                                     Controller_Cooler                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cooler_left                             S1   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_ACOM_S01_QuickCool_SCItem                                   Coolers                                 
hardpoint_cooler_right                            S1   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_ACOM_S01_QuickCool_SCItem                                   Coolers                                 
hardpoint_controller_shield                       S0                                                     Controller_Shield_CNOU_Mustang                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_shield_generator_left                   S1   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_YORM_S01_Falco_SCItem                                       Shield generators                       
hardpoint_shield_generator_right                  S1   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_YORM_S01_Falco_SCItem                                       Shield generators                       
hardpoint_armor                                   S1   Armor.Medium                                      ARMR_CNOU_Mustang_Omega                                          Armor                                   
hardpoint_controller_flight                       S0                                                     Controller_Flight_CNOU_Mustang_Omega                             UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_radar                                   S1                                                     RADR_NAVE_S01_SNSR6                                              UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_scanner                                 S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_ping                                    S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_controller_comms                        S0                                                     Controller_Comms                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_main_thruster_left                      S1   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        CNOU_Mustang_Gamma_Thruster_Main                                 Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_main_thruster_right                     S1   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        CNOU_Mustang_Gamma_Thruster_Main                                 Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_main_thruster_center                    S1   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        CNOU_Mustang_Gamma_Thruster_Aux                                  Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_retro_thruster_left                     S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   CNOU_Mustang_Gamma_Thruster_Retro                                Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_retro_thruster_right                    S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   CNOU_Mustang_Gamma_Thruster_Retro                                Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_mav_thruster_front_bottom               S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   CNOU_Mustang_Gamma_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_01_Up                      Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_thruster_front_upper_right          S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   CNOU_Mustang_Gamma_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_01                         Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_thruster_front_lower_right          S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   CNOU_Mustang_Gamma_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_01                         Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_thruster_front_upper_left           S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   CNOU_Mustang_Gamma_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_01                         Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_thruster_front_lower_left           S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   CNOU_Mustang_Gamma_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_01                         Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_thruster_rear_top                   S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   CNOU_Mustang_Gamma_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_01_Down                    Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_thruster_rear_right_top             S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   CNOU_Mustang_Gamma_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_01_Down                    Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_thruster_rear_right_bottom          S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   CNOU_Mustang_Gamma_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_01_Up                      Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_thruster_rear_left_bottom           S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   CNOU_Mustang_Gamma_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_01_Up                      Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_thruster_rear_left_top              S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   CNOU_Mustang_Gamma_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_01_Down                    Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_thruster_rear_left_side             S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   CNOU_Mustang_Gamma_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_01                         Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_thruster_rear_right_side            S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   CNOU_Mustang_Gamma_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_01                         Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_fuel_intake_left                        S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_CNOU_Mustang_Omega                                          Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_intake_right                       S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_CNOU_Mustang_Omega                                          Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_tank_left                          S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_CNOU_Mustang_Omega                                          Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_fuel_tank_right                         S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_CNOU_Mustang_Omega                                          Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_quantum_drive                           S1   QuantumDrive.UNDEFINED                            QDRV_ARCC_S01_Rush_SCItem                                        UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_Jump_Drive                             S1   JumpDrive.JumpDrive                               JDRV_TARS_S01_Explorer_SCItem                                    UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_jump_drive                             S1                                                     JDRV_TARS_S01_Explorer_SCItem                                    DISABLED                                
hardpoint_quantum_fuel_tank                       S1   QuantumFuelTank.QuantumFuel                       QTNK_CNOU_Mustang_Omega                                          Quantum fuel tanks                      
landingpad_helper                                 S1   LandingSystem.UNDEFINED                           Default_LandingSystem                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_weapon                       S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_weapon_nose                             S3   WeaponGun.Gun                                     CNOU_Mustang_Gamma_Scoop_Front                                   Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_weapon_wing_left                        S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_weapon_wing_right                       S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_countermeasure_left                     S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            CNOU_CML_Decoy_Small                                             Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_countermeasure_right                    S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            CNOU_CML_Noise_Small                                             Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_cargo_module                            S4   Container.Cargo                                   CNOU_Mustang_Gamma_Cover_Back                                    Cargo containers                        
hardpoint_controller_missile                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_controller_capacitor_assignment         S0                                                     Controller_CapacitorAssignment                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_fuel                         S0                                                     Controller_Fuel                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_fuel_port                               S1   DockingCollar.UNDEFINED                           DockingTube_Fuel_Ports_CNOU_Mustang                              UNKNOWN                                 
 itemport_vehicle_attach                          S8   NOITEM_Vehicle                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_air_traffic_controller                  S0                                                     CNOU_Mustang_ShipATCDataManager                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cockpit_flair_hang                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_relay_cockpit                           S1   Relay.UNDEFINED                                   RELAY_2slot                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_01                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_02                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_lifesupport                             S1   LifeSupportGenerator.UNDEFINED                    LFSP_TYDT_S01_ComfortAir                                         UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_01                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_02                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_03                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 

