CNOU_HoverQuad
hardpoint_paint                                   S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_cockpit_self_destruct                   S1   SelfDestruct.UNDEFINED                            VHCL_SelfDestruct_10s                                            Self destruct                           
hardpoint_controller_comms                        S0                                                     Controller_Comms                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_energy                       S0                                                     Controller_Energy                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_cooler                       S0                                                     Controller_Cooler                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_shield                       S0                                                     Controller_Shield_CNOU_HoverQuad                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_flight                       S0                                                     Controller_Flight_CNOU_HoverQuad                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_weapon                       S0                                                     Controller_Weapon_CNOU_HoverQuad                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_light                        S0                                                     Controller_Light                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_door                         S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_controller_capacitor_assignment         S0                                                     Controller_CapacitorAssignment                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_access                             S0                                                     CNOU_HoverQuad_SCItem_SeatAccess                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_pilot                              S0                                                     CNOU_HoverQuad_SCItem_Seat_Pilot                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_dashboard_pilot                         S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 Display_HUD                                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 Screen_Radar                                     S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 Screen_Upper                                     S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 Screen_Lower                                     S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 Screen_Annunciator_Left                          S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 Screen_Annunciator_Right                         S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_powerplant                              S0   PowerPlant.Power                                  POWR_LPLT_S00_Radix_SCItem                                       Power plants                            
hardpoint_cooler                                  S0   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_WCPR_S00_Fridan_SCItem                                      Coolers                                 
hardpoint_armor                                   S1   Armor.Medium                                      ARMR_CNOU_HoverQuad                                              Armor                                   
hardpoint_countermeasures_left                    S0   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            CNOU_HoverQuad_CML_Flare                                         Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_countermeasures_right                   S0   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            CNOU_HoverQuad_CML_Chaff                                         Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_radar                                   S0                                                     RADR_WLOP_S00_Denning                                            UNKNOWN                                 
landingpad_helper                                 S1   LandingSystem.UNDEFINED                           Default_LandingSystem                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_fuel_tank                               S0   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_CNOU_HoverQuad                                              Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_fuel_intake                             S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_CNOU_HoverQuad                                              Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_thruster_main                           S1   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        CNOU_HoverQuad_Thruster_Main                                     Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_retro_left                     S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   CNOU_HoverQuad_Thruster_Retro                                    Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_retro_right                    S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   CNOU_HoverQuad_Thruster_Retro                                    Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_gravlev_center_rear_left                S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   CNOU_HoverQuad_Thruster_Aux                                      Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_gravlev_center_rear_right               S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   CNOU_HoverQuad_Thruster_Aux                                      Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_gravlev_rear_left                       S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   CNOU_HoverQuad_Thruster_Aux                                      Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_gravlev_rear_right                      S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   CNOU_HoverQuad_Thruster_Aux                                      Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_gravlev_center_left                     S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   CNOU_HoverQuad_Thruster_Aux                                      Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_gravlev_center_right                    S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   CNOU_HoverQuad_Thruster_Aux                                      Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_gravlev_front_left                      S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   CNOU_HoverQuad_Thruster_Aux                                      Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_gravlev_front_right                     S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   CNOU_HoverQuad_Thruster_Aux                                      Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_front_right_top            S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   CNOU_HoverQuad_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_front_right_side           S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   CNOU_HoverQuad_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_front_right_bottom         S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   CNOU_HoverQuad_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_front_left_top             S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   CNOU_HoverQuad_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_front_left_side            S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   CNOU_HoverQuad_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_front_left_bottom          S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   CNOU_HoverQuad_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_rear_right_top             S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   CNOU_HoverQuad_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_rear_right_side            S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   CNOU_HoverQuad_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_rear_right_bottom          S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   CNOU_HoverQuad_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_rear_left_top              S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   CNOU_HoverQuad_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_rear_left_side             S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   CNOU_HoverQuad_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_rear_left_bottom           S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   CNOU_HoverQuad_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_relay_cockpit                           S1   Relay.UNDEFINED                                   RELAY_2slot                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_01                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_02                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 

