CRUS_Starfighter_Ion
hardpoint_paint                                   S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_seat                                    S0                                                     CRUS_Starfighter_SCItem_Seat_Pilot                               UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_access                             S0                                                     CRUS_Starfighter_SCItem_SeatAccess                               UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_dashboard                               S0                                                     CRUS_Starfighter_SCItem_Dashboard                                UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_cockpit_radar                          S1   Display                                                                                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S1                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 rtt_mfd_left                                     S1   Display                                                                                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 rtt_mfd_right                                    S1   Display                                                                                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 rtt_mfd_bottom_left                              S1   Display                                                                                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 rtt_mfd_bottom_right                             S1   Display                                                                                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 rtt_annuciator_left                              S1   Display                                                                                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 rtt_annuciator_right                             S1   Display                                                                                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_cockpit_radar                          S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 Display_HUD                                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 rtt_mfd_left                                     S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 rtt_mfd_right                                    S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 rtt_mfd_bottom_left                              S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 rtt_mfd_bottom_right                             S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 rtt_annuciator_left                              S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 rtt_annuciator_right                             S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_controller_comms                        S0                                                     Controller_Comms                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_selfdestruct                            S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_controller_energy                       S0                                                     Controller_Energy                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_cooler                       S0                                                     Controller_Cooler                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_shield                       S0                                                     Controller_Shield_CRUS_Starfighter                               UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_flight                       S0                                                     Controller_Flight_CRUS_Starfighter                               UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_weapon                       S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_light                        S0                                                     Controller_Light                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_door                         S0                                                     Controller_Door                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_radar                                   S2                                                     RADR_GRNP_S02_Epier                                              UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_scanner                                 S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_ping                                    S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_powerplant_01                           S2   PowerPlant.Power                                  POWR_AEGS_S02_Maelstrom_SCItem                                   Power plants                            
hardpoint_powerplant_02                           S2   PowerPlant.Power                                  POWR_AEGS_S02_Maelstrom_SCItem                                   Power plants                            
hardpoint_fuel_tank_left                          S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_CRUS_Starfighter                                            Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_fuel_intake_left                        S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_CRUS_Starfighter                                            Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_intake_right                       S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_CRUS_Starfighter                                            Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_cooler_01                               S2   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_AEGS_S02_Arctic_SCItem                                      Coolers                                 
hardpoint_cooler_02                               S2   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_AEGS_S02_Arctic_SCItem                                      Coolers                                 
hardpoint_cooler_03                               S2   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_AEGS_S02_Arctic_SCItem                                      Coolers                                 
hardpoint_quantum_drive                           S2   QuantumDrive.UNDEFINED                            QDRV_WETK_S02_Crossfield_SCItem                                  UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_Jump_Drive                             S2   JumpDrive.JumpDrive                               JDRV_TARS_S02_Excelsior_SCItem                                   UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_jump_drive                             S2                                                     JDRV_TARS_S02_Excelsior_SCItem                                   DISABLED                                
hardpoint_quantum_fuel_tank                       S1   QuantumFuelTank.QuantumFuel                       QTNK_CRUS_Starfighter                                            Quantum fuel tanks                      
hardpoint_armor                                   S1   Armor.Medium                                      ARMR_CRUS_Starfighter_Ion                                        Armor                                   
hardpoint_shield_generator_A                      S2   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_GODI_S02_FullStop_SCItem                                    Shield generators                       
hardpoint_shield_generator_B                      S2   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_GODI_S02_FullStop_SCItem                                    Shield generators                       
hardpoint_thruster_main_left                      S1   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        CRUS_Starfighter_Thruster_Main_Left                              Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_main_right                     S1   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        CRUS_Starfighter_Thruster_Main_Right                             Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_retro_thruster_left                     S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   CRUS_Starfighter_Thruster_Retro                                  Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_retro_thruster_right                    S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   CRUS_Starfighter_Thruster_Retro                                  Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_mav_wing_left                  S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   CRUS_Starfighter_Thruster_Mav                                    Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_wing_right                 S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   CRUS_Starfighter_Thruster_Mav                                    Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_wing_right_bottom          S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   CRUS_Starfighter_Thruster_Mav                                    Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_wing_left_bottom           S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   CRUS_Starfighter_Thruster_Mav                                    Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_nose_top_right             S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   CRUS_Starfighter_Thruster_Mav                                    Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_nose_top_left              S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   CRUS_Starfighter_Thruster_Mav                                    Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_nose_bottom_left           S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   CRUS_Starfighter_Thruster_Mav                                    Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_nose_bottom_right          S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   CRUS_Starfighter_Thruster_Mav                                    Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_tail_top_right             S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   CRUS_Starfighter_Thruster_Mav                                    Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_tail_top_left              S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   CRUS_Starfighter_Thruster_Mav                                    Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_tail_bottom_right          S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   CRUS_Starfighter_Thruster_Mav                                    Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_tail_bottom_left           S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   CRUS_Starfighter_Thruster_Mav                                    Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_weapon_s7                               S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_countermeasure_launcher_left            S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            CRUS_Starfighter_CML_Chaff                                       Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_countermeasure_launcher_right           S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            CRUS_Starfighter_CML_Flare                                       Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_controller_missile                      S0                                                     Controller_Missile                                               UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_missile_launcher_left_s05               S5   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S05_BEHR_Quad_S03                                           Missile racks                           
 missile_01_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_IR_NOVP_Viper                                           Missiles                                
 missile_02_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_IR_NOVP_Viper                                           Missiles                                
 missile_03_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_IR_NOVP_Viper                                           Missiles                                
 missile_04_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_IR_NOVP_Viper                                           Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_IR_NOVP_Viper                                           DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_IR_NOVP_Viper                                           DISABLED                                
 missile_03_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_IR_NOVP_Viper                                           DISABLED                                
 missile_04_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_IR_NOVP_Viper                                           DISABLED                                
hardpoint_missile_launcher_right_s05              S5   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S05_BEHR_Quad_S03                                           Missile racks                           
 missile_01_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_IR_NOVP_Viper                                           Missiles                                
 missile_02_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_IR_NOVP_Viper                                           Missiles                                
 missile_03_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_IR_NOVP_Viper                                           Missiles                                
 missile_04_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_IR_NOVP_Viper                                           Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_IR_NOVP_Viper                                           DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_IR_NOVP_Viper                                           DISABLED                                
 missile_03_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_IR_NOVP_Viper                                           DISABLED                                
 missile_04_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_IR_NOVP_Viper                                           DISABLED                                
hardpoint_missile_launcher                        S7   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S07_CRUS_Starfighter                                        Missile racks                           
 missile_attach_01                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        Missiles                                
 missile_attach_02                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        Missiles                                
 missile_attach_03                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        Missiles                                
 missile_attach_04                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        Missiles                                
 missile_attach_05                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        Missiles                                
 missile_attach_06                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        Missiles                                
 missile_attach_07                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        Missiles                                
 missile_attach_08                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        Missiles                                
 missile_attach_09                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        Missiles                                
 missile_attach_10                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        Missiles                                
 missile_attach_11                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        Missiles                                
 missile_attach_12                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        Missiles                                
 missile_attach_01                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_attach_02                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_attach_03                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_attach_04                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_attach_05                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_attach_06                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_attach_07                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_attach_08                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_attach_09                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_attach_10                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_attach_11                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_attach_12                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        DISABLED                                
hardpoint_controller_capacitor_assignment         S0                                                     Controller_CapacitorAssignment                                   UNKNOWN                                 
landingpad_helper                                 S1   LandingSystem.UNDEFINED                           Default_LandingSystem                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_nacelle_left                            S1   Misc.UNDEFINED                                    CRUS_Starfighter_Energy_Nacelle_Left                             UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_nacelle_right                           S1   Misc.UNDEFINED                                    CRUS_Starfighter_Energy_Nacelle_Right                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_gun_rack                                S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    Weapon_Rack_CRUS_Starfighter                                     Doors                                   
 $IP_rifle_01                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rifle_02                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rack_addon_01                                S1   WeaponAttachment                                                                                                   UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rack_addon_02                                S1   WeaponAttachment                                                                                                   UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_multitool                                    S1   WeaponPersonal.Gadget                                                                                              UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_fuel                         S0                                                     Controller_Fuel                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_fuel_port                               S1   DockingCollar.UNDEFINED                           DockingTube_Fuel_Ports_CRUS_Starfighter                          UNKNOWN                                 
 itemport_vehicle_attach                          S8   NOITEM_Vehicle                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_air_traffic_controller                  S0                                                     CRUS_Starfighter_ShipATCDataManager                              UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cockpit_flair                           S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_relay                                   S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_lifesupport                             S1   LifeSupportGenerator.UNDEFINED                    LFSP_TYDT_S01_ComfortAir                                         UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_01                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_02                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_03                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 

