CRUS_Intrepid
hardpoint_paint                                   S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_controller_cooler                       S0                                                     Controller_Cooler                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_energy                       S0                                                     Controller_Energy                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_flight                       S0                                                     Controller_Flight_CRUS_Intrepid                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_missile                      S0                                                     Controller_Missile                                               UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_scanner                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_controller_shield                       S0                                                     Controller_Shield_CRUS_Intrepid                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_weapon                       S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_capacitor_assignment         S0                                                     Controller_CapacitorAssignment                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_comms                        S0                                                     Controller_Comms                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_fuel                         S0                                                     Controller_Fuel                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_ATC                          S0                                                     CRUS_Intrepid_ShipATCDataManager                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_light                        S0                                                     Controller_Light                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_Door                         S0                                                     Controller_Door                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_armor                                   S1   Armor.Medium                                      ARMR_CRUS_Intrepid                                               Armor                                   
hardpoint_seat_access                             S0                                                     CRUS_Intrepid_Seat_Access_Pilot                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_pilot                              S0                                                     CRUS_Intrepid_Seat_Pilot                                         UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_dashboard                               S0                                                     CRUS_Intrepid_Pilot_Dashboard                                    UNKNOWN                                 
 Radar_Helper                                     S1   Display                                                                                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 hud_plane                                        S1                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 rtt_screen_left                                  S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 rtt_screen_right                                 S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 rtt_annunciator_screen_pilot_left                S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_Physical                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 rtt_annunciator_screen_pilot_right               S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_Physical                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 radar_helper                                     S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 hud_plane                                        S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 rtt_screen_left                                  S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 rtt_screen_right                                 S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 rtt_annunciator_screen_pilot_left                S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_Physical                                          DISABLED                                
 rtt_annunciator_screen_pilot_right               S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_Physical                                          DISABLED                                
hardpoint_ping                                    S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_power_plant                             S1   PowerPlant.Power                                  POWR_SASU_S01_LightBlossom_SCItem                                Power plants                            
hardpoint_cooler                                  S1   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_LPLT_S01_BlastChill_SCItem                                  Coolers                                 
hardpoint_shield_generator                        S1   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_SECO_S01_HEX_SCItem                                         Shield generators                       
hardpoint_avionics                                S1                                                     COMP_BEHR_S01_CSR-RP                                             DISABLED                                
hardpoint_fuel_tank_hydrogen                      S2   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_CRUS_Intrepid                                               Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_fuel_tank_quantum                       S1   QuantumFuelTank.QuantumFuel                       QTNK_CRUS_Intrepid                                               Quantum fuel tanks                      
hardpoint_radar                                   S1                                                     RADR_GRNP_S01_Ecouter                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_relay                                   S1   Relay.UNDEFINED                                   RELAY_2slot_slim                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_01                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_02                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_quantum_drive                           S1   QuantumDrive.UNDEFINED                            QDRV_ACAS_S01_FoxFire_SCItem                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_Jump_Drive                             S1   JumpDrive.JumpDrive                               JDRV_TARS_S01_Explorer_SCItem                                    UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_jump_drive                             S1                                                     JDRV_TARS_S01_Explorer_SCItem                                    DISABLED                                
hardpoint_battery                                 S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_fuel_intake                             S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_FuelIntake_CRUS_Intrepid                                    Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_intake_2                           S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_FuelIntake_CRUS_Intrepid                                    Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_lifesupport                             S1   LifeSupportGenerator.UNDEFINED                    LFSP_TYDT_S01_ComfortAir                                         UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_01                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_02                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_03                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_gravitygenerator                        S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_cockpit_selfDestruct                    S1   SelfDestruct.UNDEFINED                            VHCL_SelfDestruct_20s                                            Self destruct                           
hardpoint_thruster_retro_left                     S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       CRUS_Intrepid_Thruster_Retro                                     Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_retro_right                    S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       CRUS_Intrepid_Thruster_Retro                                     Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_main_left                      S1   MainThruster.UNDEFINED                            CRUS_Intrepid_Thruster_Main_Large                                Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_main_aux_01_left               S1   MainThruster.UNDEFINED                            CRUS_Intrepid_Thruster_Main                                      Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_main_aux_02_left               S1   MainThruster.UNDEFINED                            CRUS_Intrepid_Thruster_Main                                      Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_main_aux_03_left               S1   MainThruster.UNDEFINED                            CRUS_Intrepid_Thruster_Main                                      Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_main_right                     S1   MainThruster.UNDEFINED                            CRUS_Intrepid_Thruster_Main_Large                                Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_main_aux_01_right              S1   MainThruster.UNDEFINED                            CRUS_Intrepid_Thruster_Main                                      Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_main_aux_02_right              S1   MainThruster.UNDEFINED                            CRUS_Intrepid_Thruster_Main                                      Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_main_aux_03_right              S1   MainThruster.UNDEFINED                            CRUS_Intrepid_Thruster_Main                                      Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_mav_top_front_left             S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       CRUS_Intrepid_Thruster_Mav_Top                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_top_front_right            S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       CRUS_Intrepid_Thruster_Mav_Top                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_top_rear_left              S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       CRUS_Intrepid_Thruster_Mav_Top                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_top_rear_right             S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       CRUS_Intrepid_Thruster_Mav_Top                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_bottom_front_left          S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       CRUS_Intrepid_Thruster_Mav_Bottom                                Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_bottom_front_right         S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       CRUS_Intrepid_Thruster_Mav_Bottom                                Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_bottom_rear_left           S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       CRUS_Intrepid_Thruster_Mav_Bottom                                Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_bottom_rear_right          S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       CRUS_Intrepid_Thruster_Mav_Bottom                                Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_side_front_left            S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       CRUS_Intrepid_Thruster_Mav                                       Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_side_front_right           S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       CRUS_Intrepid_Thruster_Mav                                       Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_side_rear_left             S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       CRUS_Intrepid_Thruster_Mav                                       Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_side_rear_right            S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       CRUS_Intrepid_Thruster_Mav                                       Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_vtol_mav_left                  S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       CRUS_Intrepid_Thruster_VTOL                                      VTOL thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_vtol_mav_right                 S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       CRUS_Intrepid_Thruster_VTOL                                      VTOL thrusters                          
hardpoint_cargodoor_left                          S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    Door_RN_RoomConnector_Breachable_OpenReverse_Intrepid_CargoLift_LeftDoors                                   
 hardpoint_cargo_grid                             S0                                                     CRUS_Intrepid_CargoGrid                                          UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cargodoor_right                         S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    Door_RN_RoomConnector_Breachable_OpenReverse_Intrepid_CargoLift_RightDoors                                   
 hardpoint_cargo_grid                             S0                                                     CRUS_Intrepid_CargoGrid                                          UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_missile_rack_left                       S1   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S01_BEHR_Single_S01                                         Missile racks                           
 missile_01_attach                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        DISABLED                                
hardpoint_missile_rack_right                      S1   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S01_BEHR_Single_S01                                         Missile racks                           
 missile_01_attach                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        DISABLED                                
hardpoint_weapon_main                             S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_countermeasure_left                     S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            CRUS_Intrepid_CML_Flare                                          Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_countermeasure_right                    S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            CRUS_Intrepid_CML_Chaff                                          Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_entrance_ramp                           S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    Door_RN_RoomConnector_Breachable_OpenReverse_Intrepid_Entrance   Doors                                   
 hardpoint_int_door                               S0                                                     d                                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_fuel_ground                             S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    CRUS_Intrepid_Ground_Fuelport                                    Doors                                   
hardpoint_fuel_port                               S1   DockingCollar.UNDEFINED                           DockingTube_Fuel_Ports_CRUS_Intrepid                             UNKNOWN                                 
 itemport_vehicle_attach                          S8   NOITEM_Vehicle                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
landingpad_helper                                 S1   LandingSystem.UNDEFINED                           Default_LandingSystem                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_entrance_door                           S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    Door_RN_RoomConnector_Breachable_OpenReverse_Intrepid_Entrance_InteriorDoors                                   
 hardpoint_int_door                               S0                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_engineeringscreen                       S0                                                     SoftLock_EngineeringScreen_Template                              DISABLED                                
hardpoint_fire_extinguisher                       S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                

