DRAK_Vulture_MFD_Test
hardpoint_paint                                   S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_seat_pilot                              S0                                                     DRAK_Vulture_SCItem_Seat_Pilot_MFD_Test                          DISABLED                                
 Display_HUD                                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 Screen_Upper_Right_RTT                           S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 Screen_Upper_Left_RTT                            S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 Screen_Arm_Right_RTT                             S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 Screen_Arm_Left_RTT                              S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 Screen_Radar_RTT                                 S0                                                     Radar_Display_Screen_Template                                    DISABLED                                
 Screen_Annunciator_RTT                           S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_Physical                                          DISABLED                                
hardpoint_seataccess_pilot                        S0                                                     DRAK_Vulture_SCItem_SeatAccess_Pilot                             UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seataccess_ladder                       S0                                                     DRAK_Vulture_SCItem_SeatAccess_Ladder                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cockpit_selfdestruct                    S1   SelfDestruct.UNDEFINED                            VHCL_SelfDestruct_30s                                            Self destruct                           
hardpoint_controller_door                         S0                                                     Controller_Door                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_energy                       S0                                                     Controller_Energy                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_power_plant_01                          S1   PowerPlant.Power                                  POWR_JUST_S01_Fortitude_SCItem                                   Power plants                            
hardpoint_power_plant_02                          S1   PowerPlant.Power                                  POWR_JUST_S01_Fortitude_SCItem                                   Power plants                            
hardpoint_controller_cooler                       S0                                                     Controller_Cooler                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cooler_left                             S1   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_JUST_S01_Thermax_SCItem                                     Coolers                                 
hardpoint_cooler_right                            S1   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_JUST_S01_Thermax_SCItem                                     Coolers                                 
hardpoint_controller_shield                       S0                                                     Controller_Shield_DRAK_Vulture                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_shield_generator_left                   S1   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_BASL_S01_Bulwark_SCItem                                     Shield generators                       
hardpoint_shield_generator_right                  S1   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_BASL_S01_Bulwark_SCItem                                     Shield generators                       
hardpoint_armor                                   S1   Armor.Medium                                      ARMR_DRAK_Vulture                                                Armor                                   
hardpoint_controller_flight                       S0                                                     Controller_Flight_DRAK_Vulture                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_radar                                   S1                                                     RADR_CHCO_S01_SurveyorLite                                       UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_comms                        S0                                                     Controller_Comms                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_light                        S0                                                     Controller_Light                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_scanner                                 S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_ping                                    S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_fuel_intake_left                        S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_DRAK_Vulture                                                Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_intake_right                       S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_DRAK_Vulture                                                Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_tank_left                          S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_DRAK_Vulture                                                Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_fuel_tank_right                         S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_DRAK_Vulture                                                Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_quantum_drive                           S1   QuantumDrive.UNDEFINED                            QDRV_JUST_S01_Goliath_SCItem                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_Jump_Drive                             S1   JumpDrive.JumpDrive                                                                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_quantum_fuel_tank                       S1   QuantumFuelTank.QuantumFuel                       QTNK_DRAK_Vulture                                                Quantum fuel tanks                      
hardpoint_thruster_main_left                      S4   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        DRAK_Vulture_Thruster_Main                                       Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_main_right                     S4   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        DRAK_Vulture_Thruster_Main                                       Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_retro_left                     S4   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   DRAK_Vulture_Thruster_Retro                                      Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_retro_right                    S4   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   DRAK_Vulture_Thruster_Retro                                      Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_mav_front_bottom_left          S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   DRAK_Vulture_Thruster_Maneuver_Bottom                            Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_front_bottom_right         S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   DRAK_Vulture_Thruster_Maneuver_Bottom                            Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_front_side_left            S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   DRAK_Vulture_Thruster_Maneuver                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_front_side_right           S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   DRAK_Vulture_Thruster_Maneuver                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_front_top_left             S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   DRAK_Vulture_Thruster_Maneuver_Top                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_front_top_right            S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   DRAK_Vulture_Thruster_Maneuver_Top                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_rear_bottom_left           S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   DRAK_Vulture_Thruster_Maneuver_Bottom                            Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_rear_bottom_right          S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   DRAK_Vulture_Thruster_Maneuver_Bottom                            Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_rear_side_left             S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   DRAK_Vulture_Thruster_Maneuver                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_rear_side_right            S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   DRAK_Vulture_Thruster_Maneuver                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_rear_top_left              S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   DRAK_Vulture_Thruster_Maneuver_Top                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_rear_top_right             S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   DRAK_Vulture_Thruster_Maneuver_Top                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_vtol_front_left                S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   DRAK_Vulture_Thruster_VTOL                                       VTOL thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_vtol_front_right               S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   DRAK_Vulture_Thruster_VTOL                                       VTOL thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_vtol_rear_left                 S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   DRAK_Vulture_Thruster_VTOL                                       VTOL thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_vtol_rear_right                S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   DRAK_Vulture_Thruster_VTOL                                       VTOL thrusters                          
landingpad_helper                                 S1   LandingSystem.UNDEFINED                           Default_LandingSystem                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_weapon                       S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_weapon_nose_left                        S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_weapon_nose_right                       S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_cm_launcher_left                        S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            DRAK_Vulture_CML_Flare                                           Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_cm_launcher_right                       S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            DRAK_Vulture_CML_Chaff                                           Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_controller_missile                      S0                                                     Controller_Missile                                               UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_weapon_regen_pool                       S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_weapon_regen_pool_turrets               S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_controller_capacitor_assignment         S0                                                     Controller_CapacitorAssignment                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_door_cargo                              S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    Door_Ship_Exterior_DRAK_Vulture_Cargo                            Doors                                   
hardpoint_cargogrid_main                          S1   CargoGrid.UNDEFINED                               DRAK_Vulture_CargoGrid_Main                                      UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_fuel                         S0                                                     Controller_Fuel                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_fuel_port                               S1   DockingCollar.UNDEFINED                           DockingTube_Fuel_Ports_DRAK_Vulture                              UNKNOWN                                 
 itemport_vehicle_attach                          S8   NOITEM_Vehicle                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_air_traffic_controller                  S0                                                     DRAK_Vulture_ShipATCDataManager                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_weapon_rack                             S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     Weapon_Rack_DRAK_Vulture                                         Weapon hardpoints                       
 $IP_rifle_01                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rifle_02                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_01                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_02                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_03                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_personal_storage                        S1   Cargo.UNDEFINED                                   PersonalStorage_DRAK_Vulture                                     Cargo grids                             
hardpoint_cockpit_flair                           S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_cockpit_flair_hang                      S0                                                     Controller_Mining                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_salvage                      S0                                                     Controller_Salvage_DRAK_Vulture                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_salvage_arm_left                        S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 hardpoint_salvage_laser                          S0                                                     Salvage_Head_standard                                            DISABLED                                
  hardpoint_salvage_subItem01                     S0                                                     Salvage_Modifier_Scraper_Small                                   DISABLED                                
  hardpoint_salvage_subItem02                     S0                                                     Salvage_Modifier_Tractor_Small                                   DISABLED                                
hardpoint_salvage_arm_right                       S1   ToolArm.UNDEFINED                                 MISC_Prospector_Mining_Arm                                       UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_mining_laser                           S2   UtilityTurret                                     Mount_Gimbal_Mining                                              UNKNOWN                                 
  hardpoint_mining_laser                          S1   WeaponMining.Gun                                  Mining_Laser_GRIN_Arbor_S1                                       Mining hardpoints                       
   BONE_ItemPort_Consumable_1                     S1   MiningModifier.Gun                                                                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_mining_laser                           S0                                                     Mount_Gimbal_Mining                                              DISABLED                                
  hardpoint_mining_laser                          S1                                                     Mining_Laser_GRIN_Arbor_S1                                       DISABLED                                
hardpoint_refill_station                          S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_fire_extinguisher                       S0                                                     Gadget_Cabinet_kegr_fire_extinguisher_NG_Flipped                 DISABLED                                
hardpoint_attachable_buff                         S1   UNDEFINED.UNDEFINED                               Salvage_Buff_Modifier_Vulture                                    UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_disintegration_area                     S1   SalvageFieldEmitter.UNDEFINED                     SalvageDisintegrationArea                                        UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_internal_storage                        S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_salvage_dummy_left                      S1   SalvageFieldSupporter.UNDEFINED                   SalvageFieldSupporter                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_salvage_dummy_right                     S1   SalvageFieldSupporter.UNDEFINED                   SalvageFieldSupporter                                            UNKNOWN                                 

