DRAK_Buccaneer
hardpoint_paint                                   S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_seat_pilot                              S0                                                     DRAK_Buccaneer_SCItem_Seat_Pilot                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_access                             S0                                                     DRAK_Buccaneer_SCItem_SeatAccess                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_dashboard_pilot                         S0                                                     DRAK_Buccaneer_SCItem_Dashboard_Pilot                            UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S1                                                     H_Dashboard_Projector_HUD_DRAK_Buccaneer                         UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_Radar                                     S1   Display                                           Radar_Display_Screen_Template                                    UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_MFD_Right                                 S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_MFD_Left                                  S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_Support_Right                             S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_Support_Left                              S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 rtt_annunciator_left                             S1   Display                                                                                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 rtt_annunciator_right                            S1   Display                                                                                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S0                                                     H_Dashboard_Projector_HUD_DRAK_Buccaneer                         DISABLED                                
 Screen_Radar                                     S0                                                     Radar_Display_Screen_Template                                    DISABLED                                
 Screen_MFD_Right                                 S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 Screen_MFD_Left                                  S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 Screen_Support_Right                             S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 Screen_Support_Left                              S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 rtt_annunciator_left                             S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 rtt_annunciator_right                            S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_controller_door                         S0                                                     Controller_Door                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cockpit_selfdestruct                    S1   SelfDestruct.UNDEFINED                            VHCL_SelfDestruct_30s                                            Self destruct                           
hardpoint_controller_comms                        S0                                                     Controller_Comms                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_energy                       S0                                                     Controller_Energy                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_power_plant                             S1   PowerPlant.Power                                  POWR_AMRS_S01_JS300_SCItem                                       Power plants                            
hardpoint_controller_cooler                       S0                                                     Controller_Cooler                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cooler_left                             S1   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_AEGS_S01_Polar_SCItem                                       Coolers                                 
hardpoint_cooler_right                            S1   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_AEGS_S01_Polar_SCItem                                       Coolers                                 
hardpoint_controller_shield                       S0                                                     Controller_Shield_DRAK_Buccaneer                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_shield_generator_right                  S1   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_SECO_S01_WEB_SCItem                                         Shield generators                       
hardpoint_armor                                   S1   Armor.Medium                                      ARMR_DRAK_Buccaneer                                              Armor                                   
hardpoint_controller_flight                       S0                                                     Controller_Flight_DRAK_Buccaneer                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_radar                                   S1                                                     RADR_GRNP_S01_Ecouter                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_light                        S0                                                     Controller_Light                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_scanner                                 S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_ping                                    S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_quantum_drive                           S1   QuantumDrive.UNDEFINED                            QDRV_ARCC_S01_Rush_SCItem                                        UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_Jump_Drive                             S1   JumpDrive.JumpDrive                               JDRV_TARS_S01_Explorer_SCItem                                    UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_jump_drive                             S1                                                     JDRV_TARS_S01_Explorer_SCItem                                    DISABLED                                
hardpoint_quantum_fuel_tank                       S1   QuantumFuelTank.QuantumFuel                       QTNK_DRAK_Buccaneer                                              Quantum fuel tanks                      
hardpoint_fuel_intake_left                        S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_DRAK_Buccaneer                                              Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_intake_right                       S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_DRAK_Buccaneer                                              Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_tank_left                          S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_DRAK_Buccaneer                                              Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_fuel_tank_right                         S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_DRAK_Buccaneer                                              Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_Left_Main_Thruster                      S4   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        DRAK_Buccaneer_Thruster_Main                                     Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_Right_Main_Thruster                     S4   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        DRAK_Buccaneer_Thruster_Main                                     Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_Left_Main_Retro                         S4   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       DRAK_Buccaneer_Thruster_Retro                                    Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_right_main_retro                        S4   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       DRAK_Buccaneer_Thruster_Retro                                    Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_Man_Thruster_Cockpit_Bot_Z+             S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   DRAK_Buccaneer_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_Man_Thruster_Cockpit_Bot_X+             S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   DRAK_Buccaneer_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_Man_Thruster_Cockpit_Top_X+             S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   DRAK_Buccaneer_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_Man_Thruster_Cockpit_Top_Z-             S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   DRAK_Buccaneer_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_Man_Thruster_Cockpit_Top_X-             S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   DRAK_Buccaneer_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_Man_Thruster_Cockpit_Bot_X-             S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   DRAK_Buccaneer_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_Man_Thruster_Right_Intake_Top_Z-        S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   DRAK_Buccaneer_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_Man_Thruster_Right_Intake_Bot_Z+        S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   DRAK_Buccaneer_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_Man_Thruster_Right_Main_Top_Rear_Z-     S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   DRAK_Buccaneer_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_Man_Thruster_Left_Main_Front_Z+         S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   DRAK_Buccaneer_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_Man_Thruster_Right_Main_Bot_Rear_Z+     S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   DRAK_Buccaneer_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_Man_Thruster_Right_Main_Top_Front_Z-    S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   DRAK_Buccaneer_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_Man_Thruster_Right_Main_Bot_Front_Z+    S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   DRAK_Buccaneer_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_Man_Thruster_Right_Main_Rear_Bot_X+     S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   DRAK_Buccaneer_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_Man_Thruster_Right_Main_Front_X+        S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   DRAK_Buccaneer_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_Man_Thruster_Left_Intake_Top_Z-         S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   DRAK_Buccaneer_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_Man_Thruster_Left_Intake_Bot_Z+         S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   DRAK_Buccaneer_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_Man_Thruster_Left_Main_Top_Rear_Z-      S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   DRAK_Buccaneer_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_Man_Thruster_Left_Main_Top_Front_Z-     S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   DRAK_Buccaneer_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_Man_Thruster_Left_Main_Rear_Top_X-      S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   DRAK_Buccaneer_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_Man_Thruster_Left_Main_Rear_Bot_Z+      S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   DRAK_Buccaneer_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_Man_Thruster_Left_Main_Rear_Bot_X-      S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   DRAK_Buccaneer_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_Man_Thruster_Left_Main_Front_X-         S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   DRAK_Buccaneer_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_Man_Thruster_Right_Main_Rear_Top_X+     S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   DRAK_Buccaneer_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                Maneuvering thrusters                   
landingpad_helper                                 S1   LandingSystem.UNDEFINED                           Default_LandingSystem                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_weapon                       S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_Spinal_S4                               S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 hardpoint_class_2                                S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_Right_Wing_S3                           S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 missile_01_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_FSKI_Tempest                                         DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
hardpoint_Left_Wing_S03                           S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 missile_01_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_FSKI_Tempest                                         DISABLED                                
hardpoint_Right_Wingtip_S1                        S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 hardpoint_class_2                                S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_Left_Wingtip_S01                        S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 hardpoint_class_2                                S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_Left_S3_Pylon                           S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 hardpoint_class_2                                S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_Right_S3_Pylon                          S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 hardpoint_class_2                                S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_cm_launcher_left                        S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            DRAK_CML_Decoy_Small                                             Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_cm_launcher_right                       S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            DRAK_CML_Noise_Small                                             Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_controller_missile                      S0                                                     Controller_Missile                                               UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_capacitor_assignment         S0                                                     Controller_CapacitorAssignment                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_fuel                         S0                                                     Controller_Fuel                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_fuel_port                               S1   DockingCollar.UNDEFINED                           DockingTube_Fuel_Ports_DRAK_Buccaneer                            UNKNOWN                                 
 itemport_vehicle_attach                          S8   NOITEM_Vehicle                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_air_traffic_controller                  S0                                                     DRAK_Buccaneer_ShipATCDataManager                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cockpit_flair                           S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_cockpit_flair_hang                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_relay                                   S1   Relay.UNDEFINED                                   RELAY_3slot                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_01                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_02                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_03                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_lifesupport                             S1   LifeSupportGenerator.UNDEFINED                    LFSP_TYDT_S01_ComfortAir                                         UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_01                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_02                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_03                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 

