DRAK_Cutter_Scout
hardpoint_paint                                   S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_cockpit_selfDestruct                    S1   SelfDestruct.UNDEFINED                            VHCL_SelfDestruct_30s                                            Self destruct                           
hardpoint_armor                                   S1   Armor.Medium                                      ARMR_DRAK_Cutter                                                 Armor                                   
hardpoint_controller_cooler                       S0                                                     Controller_Cooler                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_energy                       S0                                                     Controller_Energy                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_flight                       S0                                                     Controller_Flight_DRAK_Cutter_Scout                              UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_scanner                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_controller_shield                       S0                                                     Controller_Shield_DRAK_Cutter_Scout                              UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_weapon                       S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_door                         S0                                                     Controller_Door                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_missile                      S0                                                     Controller_Missile                                               UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_capacitor_assignment         S0                                                     Controller_CapacitorAssignment                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_comms                        S0                                                     Controller_Comms                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_light                        S0                                                     Controller_Light                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_dashboard_pilot                         S0                                                     DRAK_Cutter_SCItem_Dashboard_Pilot                               UNKNOWN                                 
 radar                                            S1   Display                                           Radar_Display_Screen_Template                                    UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S1                                                     H_Dashboard_Projector_HUD_DRAK_Cutter                            UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_Annunciator                               S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_Physical                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 screen_top_left                                  S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 screen_top_right                                 S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 screen_bottom_left                               S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 radar                                            S0                                                     Radar_Display_Screen_Template                                    DISABLED                                
 Display_HUD                                      S0                                                     H_Dashboard_Projector_HUD_DRAK_Cutter                            DISABLED                                
 screen_top_right                                 S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 screen_top_left                                  S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 screen_bottom_left                               S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 Screen_Annunciator                               S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_Physical                                          DISABLED                                
hardpoint_seat_access                             S0                                                     DRAK_Cutter_SeatAccess_Pilot                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_pilot                              S0                                                     DRAK_Cutter_SCItem_Seat_Pilot                                    UNKNOWN                                 
radar_helper                                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_fuel_intake                             S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_DRAK_Cutter                                                 Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_tank                               S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_DRAK_Cutter                                                 Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_ping                                    S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_ramp                                    S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    Door_RN_RoomConnector_Breachable_OpenReverse_Cutter_Ramp_Varient Doors                                   
hardpoint_quantum_tank                            S1   QuantumFuelTank.QuantumFuel                       QTNK_DRAK_Cutter                                                 Quantum fuel tanks                      
hardpoint_lifesupport                             S1   LifeSupportGenerator.UNDEFINED                    LFSP_TYDT_S01_ComfortAir                                         UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_01                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_02                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_03                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_avionics                                S1                                                     COMP_BEHR_S01_CSR-RP                                             DISABLED                                
hardpoint_weapon_locker                           S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     Weapon_Rack_DRAK_Cutter_4_Slot                                   Weapon hardpoints                       
 $proxy_weapon_01                                 S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $proxy_weapon_02                                 S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $proxy_weapon_03                                 S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $proxy_weapon_04                                 S5   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_multitool                                    S1   WeaponPersonal.Gadget                                                                                              UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_exterior_seataccess                     S0                                                     DRAK_Cutter_SeatAccess_Exterior                                  UNKNOWN                                 
landingpad_helper                                 S1   LandingSystem.UNDEFINED                           Default_LandingSystem                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_thruster_front_bottom_left              S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   DRAK_Cutter_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_Bottom                            Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_front_bottom_right             S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   DRAK_Cutter_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_Bottom                            Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_front_side_left                S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   DRAK_Cutter_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_front_side_right               S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   DRAK_Cutter_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_front_top_left                 S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   DRAK_Cutter_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_Top                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_front_top_right                S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   DRAK_Cutter_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_Top                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_rear_bottom_left               S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   DRAK_Cutter_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_Bottom                            Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_rear_bottom_right              S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   DRAK_Cutter_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_Bottom                            Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_rear_side_left                 S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   DRAK_Cutter_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_rear_side_right                S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   DRAK_Cutter_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_rear_top_left                  S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   DRAK_Cutter_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_Top                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_rear_top_right                 S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   DRAK_Cutter_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_Top                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_auxretro_left                  S1   ManneuverThruster.Retro                           DRAK_Cutter_Thruster_AuxRetro                                    Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_auxretro_right                 S1   ManneuverThruster.Retro                           DRAK_Cutter_Thruster_AuxRetro                                    Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_aux_left                       S1   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        DRAK_Cutter_Thruster_Aux                                         Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_aux_right                      S1   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        DRAK_Cutter_Thruster_Aux                                         Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_main_vtol_left                 S1   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        DRAK_Cutter_Thruster_Main_Scout                                  VTOL thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_main_vtol_right                S1   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        DRAK_Cutter_Thruster_Main_Scout_Right                            VTOL thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_retro_left                     S1   ManneuverThruster.Retro                           DRAK_Cutter_Thruster_MainRetro                                   Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_retro_right                    S1   ManneuverThruster.Retro                           DRAK_Cutter_Thruster_MainRetro                                   Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_geo_spoiler_left                        S1   Misc.UNDEFINED                                    DRAK_Cutter_Winglets_Scout_Left                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_geo_spoiler_right                       S1   Misc.UNDEFINED                                    DRAK_Cutter_Winglets_Scout_Right                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_geo_roof                                S1   Misc.UNDEFINED                                    DRAK_Cutter_Roof_Scout                                           UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_geo_nose                                S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_weapon_left                             S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_weapon_right                            S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_missile_left                            S2   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S02_BEHR_Single_S02                                         Missile racks                           
 missile_01_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_FSKI_Tempest                                         Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_FSKI_Tempest                                         DISABLED                                
hardpoint_missile_right                           S2   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S02_BEHR_Single_S02                                         Missile racks                           
 missile_01_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_FSKI_Tempest                                         Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_FSKI_Tempest                                         DISABLED                                
hardpoint_countermeasure_left_01                  S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            DRAK_Cutter_CML_Flare                                            Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_countermeasure_left_02                  S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            DRAK_Cutter_CML_Chaff                                            Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_countermeasure_right_01                 S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            DRAK_Cutter_CML_Flare                                            Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_countermeasure_right_02                 S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            DRAK_Cutter_CML_Chaff                                            Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_scout_battery                           S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_scout_cooler                            S2   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_AEGS_S02_Boreal_SCItem                                      Coolers                                 
hardpoint_scout_powerplant                        S2   PowerPlant.Power                                  POWR_AMRS_S02_ExoGen_SCItem                                      Power plants                            
hardpoint_scout_quantumdrive                      S1   QuantumDrive.UNDEFINED                            QDRV_ACAS_S01_FoxFire_SCItem                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_Jump_Drive                             S1   JumpDrive.JumpDrive                                                                                                UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_jump_drive                             S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_scout_shieldgen                         S1   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_SECO_S01_HEX_SCItem                                         Shield generators                       
hardpoint_scout_radar                             S2                                                     RADR_CHCO_S02_Surveyor                                           UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_scout_scanner                           S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_scout_gravitygenerator                  S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_controller_fuel                         S0                                                     Controller_Fuel                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_fuel_port                               S1   DockingCollar.UNDEFINED                           DockingTube_Fuel_Ports_DRAK_Cutter                               UNKNOWN                                 
 itemport_vehicle_attach                          S8   NOITEM_Vehicle                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_air_traffic_controller                  S0                                                     DRAK_Cutter_ShipATCDataManager                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_flair_hanging                           S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_cockpit_flair                           S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_cabinet_extinguisher_scout              S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_cargo_3                                 S1   CargoGrid.UNDEFINED                               DRAK_Cutter_CargoGrid_2Stack                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_scout_console                           S0                                                     DRAK_Cutter_Scout_Radar_Console                                  UNKNOWN                                 
 radar                                            S1   Display                                           Radar_Display_Screen_Template                                    UNKNOWN                                 
 MFD_top                                          S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 MFD_right                                        S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 MFD_center                                       S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 radar                                            S0                                                     Radar_Display_Screen_Template                                    DISABLED                                
 MFD_right                                        S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 MFD_center                                       S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 MFD_top                                          S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
hardpoint_scout_console_seat_access               S0                                                     DRAK_Cutter_SeatAccess_Scout_Console                             UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_geo_wing_addon_left                     S1   Misc.UNDEFINED                                    DRAK_Cutter_Winglets_Addon_Scout_Left                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_geo_wing_addon_right                    S1   Misc.UNDEFINED                                    DRAK_Cutter_Winglets_Addon_Scout_Right                           UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_geo_thruster_addon_left                 S1   Misc.UNDEFINED                                    DRAK_Cutter_Thruster_Addon_Scout_Left                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_geo_thruster_addon_right                S1   Misc.UNDEFINED                                    DRAK_Cutter_Thruster_Addon_Scout_Right                           UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_relay                                   S1   Relay.UNDEFINED                                   RELAY_2slot_slim                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_01                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_02                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 

