ESPR_Prowler
hardpoint_paint                                   S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_seataccess_pilot                        S0                                                     ESPR_Prowler_SeatAccess_Pilot                                    UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_pilot_seat                              S0                                                     ESPR_Prowler_Seat_Pilot                                          UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_pilot_dashboard                         S0                                                     ESPR_Prowler_Dashboard_Pilot                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_cockpit_radar                          S1   Display                                                                                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_glass                                  S1                                                     AnimEntity_Attachable_ESPR_Prowler_Glass                         UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S1                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 rtt_screen_top_left                              S1   Display                                                                                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 rtt_screen_top_right                             S1   Display                                                                                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 rtt_screen_bottom_left                           S1   Display                                                                                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 rtt_screen_bottom_right                          S1   Display                                                                                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 rtt_screen_Annunciator_left                      S1   Display                                                                                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 rtt_screen_Annunciator_right                     S1   Display                                                                                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_cockpit_radar                          S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 hardpoint_glass                                  S0                                                     AnimEntity_Attachable_ESPR_Prowler_Glass                         DISABLED                                
 Display_HUD                                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 rtt_screen_top_left                              S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 rtt_screen_top_right                             S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 rtt_screen_bottom_left                           S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 rtt_screen_bottom_right                          S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 rtt_screen_Annunciator_left                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 rtt_screen_Annunciator_right                     S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_seataccess_copilot                      S0                                                     ESPR_Prowler_SeatAccess_Copilot                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_copilot_seat                            S0                                                     ESPR_Prowler_Seat_CoPilot                                        UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_copilot_dashboard                       S0                                                     ESPR_Prowler_Dashboard_Pilot                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_cockpit_radar                          S1   Display                                                                                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_glass                                  S1                                                     AnimEntity_Attachable_ESPR_Prowler_Glass_Copilot                 UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S1                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 rtt_screen_top_left                              S1   Display                                                                                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 rtt_screen_top_right                             S1   Display                                                                                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 rtt_screen_bottom_left                           S1   Display                                                                                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 rtt_screen_bottom_right                          S1   Display                                                                                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 rtt_screen_Annunciator_left                      S1   Display                                                                                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 rtt_screen_Annunciator_right                     S1   Display                                                                                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_cockpit_radar                          S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 hardpoint_glass                                  S0                                                     AnimEntity_Attachable_ESPR_Prowler_Glass_Copilot                 DISABLED                                
 Display_HUD                                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 rtt_screen_top_left                              S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 rtt_screen_top_right                             S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 rtt_screen_bottom_left                           S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 rtt_screen_bottom_right                          S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 rtt_screen_Annunciator_left                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 rtt_screen_Annunciator_right                     S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_seataccess_ladder                       S0                                                     ESPR_Prowler_SeatAccess_SideDoor                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_self_destruct_pilot                     S1   SelfDestruct.UNDEFINED                            VHCL_SelfDestruct_30s                                            Self destruct                           
hardpoint_controller_door                         S0                                                     Controller_Door                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_light                        S0                                                     Controller_Light                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_comms                        S0                                                     Controller_Comms                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_energy                       S0                                                     Controller_Energy                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_power_plant                             S2   PowerPlant.Power                                  POWR_TYDT_S02_Eclipse_SCItem                                     Power plants                            
hardpoint_controller_cooler                       S0                                                     Controller_Cooler                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cooler_left                             S2   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_TYDT_S02_HeatSink_SCItem                                    Coolers                                 
hardpoint_cooler_right                            S2   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_TYDT_S02_HeatSink_SCItem                                    Coolers                                 
hardpoint_controller_shield                       S0                                                     Controller_Shield_ESPR_Prowler                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_shield_generator_left                   S2   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_BANU_S02_Placeholder_SCItem                                 Shield generators                       
hardpoint_shield_generator_right                  S2   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_BANU_S02_Placeholder_SCItem                                 Shield generators                       
hardpoint_armor                                   S1   Armor.Medium                                      ARMR_ESPR_Prowler                                                Armor                                   
hardpoint_radar_pilot                             S2                                                     RADR_GRNP_S02_Epier                                              UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_target_selector                         S0                                                     Controller_TargetSelector                                        UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_scanner                                 S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_ping                                    S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_fuel_tank_left                          S2   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_ESPR_Prowler                                                Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_fuel_tank_right                         S2   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_ESPR_Prowler                                                Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_fuel_intake_left                        S2   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_ESPR_Prowler                                                Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_intake_right                       S2   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_ESPR_Prowler                                                Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_quantum_drive                           S2   QuantumDrive.UNDEFINED                            QDRV_RACO_S02_Nova_SCItem                                        UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_Jump_Drive                             S2   JumpDrive.JumpDrive                               JDRV_TARS_S02_Excelsior_SCItem                                   UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_jump_drive                             S2                                                     JDRV_TARS_S02_Excelsior_SCItem                                   DISABLED                                
hardpoint_quantum_fuel_tank                       S2   QuantumFuelTank.QuantumFuel                       QTNK_ESPR_Prowler                                                Quantum fuel tanks                      
hardpoint_controller_flight                       S0                                                     Controller_Flight_ESPR_Prowler                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_main_thruster_wing_left                 S1   MainThruster.UNDEFINED                            ESPR_Prowler_Thruster_Main                                       Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_main_thruster_wing_right                S1   MainThruster.UNDEFINED                            ESPR_Prowler_Thruster_Main                                       Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_retro_thruster_wing_left                S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       ESPR_Prowler_Thruster_Retro                                      Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_retro_thruster_wing_right               S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       ESPR_Prowler_Thruster_Retro                                      Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_retro_thruster_body_left                S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       ESPR_Prowler_Thruster_Retro_02                                   Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_retro_thruster_body_right               S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       ESPR_Prowler_Thruster_Retro_02                                   Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_mav_thruster_nose_left_top              S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       ESPR_Prowler_Thruster_Mav_Down                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_thruster_nose_left_mid              S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       ESPR_Prowler_Thruster_Mav_Right                                  Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_thruster_nose_left_bot              S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       ESPR_Prowler_Thruster_Mav_Up                                     Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_thruster_nose_right_top             S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       ESPR_Prowler_Thruster_Mav_Down                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_thruster_nose_right_mid             S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       ESPR_Prowler_Thruster_Mav_Left                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_thruster_nose_right_bot             S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       ESPR_Prowler_Thruster_Mav_Up                                     Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_thruster_tail_left_top              S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       ESPR_Prowler_Thruster_Mav_Down                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_thruster_tail_left_mid              S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       ESPR_Prowler_Thruster_Mav_Right                                  Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_thruster_tail_left_bot              S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       ESPR_Prowler_Thruster_Mav_Up                                     Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_thruster_tail_right_top             S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       ESPR_Prowler_Thruster_Mav_Down                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_thruster_tail_right_mid             S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       ESPR_Prowler_Thruster_Mav_Left                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_thruster_tail_right_bot             S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       ESPR_Prowler_Thruster_Mav_Up                                     Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_thruster_wing_left_mid              S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       ESPR_Prowler_Thruster_Mav_Right                                  Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_thruster_wing_right_mid             S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       ESPR_Prowler_Thruster_Mav_Left                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_thruster_spine_left                 S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       ESPR_Prowler_Thruster_Mav_02                                     Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_thruster_spine_right                S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       ESPR_Prowler_Thruster_Mav_02                                     Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_grav_nose_left_front                    S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       ESPR_Prowler_Thruster_Aux                                        Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_grav_nose_left_rear                     S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       ESPR_Prowler_Thruster_Aux                                        Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_grav_nose_right_front                   S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       ESPR_Prowler_Thruster_Aux                                        Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_grav_nose_right_rear                    S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       ESPR_Prowler_Thruster_Aux                                        Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_grav_body_left_front                    S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       ESPR_Prowler_Thruster_Aux                                        Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_grav_body_left_rear                     S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       ESPR_Prowler_Thruster_Aux                                        Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_grav_body_right_front                   S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       ESPR_Prowler_Thruster_Aux                                        Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_grav_body_right_rear                    S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       ESPR_Prowler_Thruster_Aux                                        Maneuvering thrusters                   
landingpad_helper                                 S1   LandingSystem.UNDEFINED                           Default_LandingSystem                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_weapon                       S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_weapon_copilot               S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_weapon_left                             S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_weapon_right                            S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_weapon_spine                            S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon_left                            S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
  hardpoint_class_2                               S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 hardpoint_weapon_right                           S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
  hardpoint_class_2                               S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_countermeasure_launcher_left            S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            ESPR_CML_Decoy_Small                                             Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_countermeasure_launcher_right           S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            ESPR_CML_Noise_Small                                             Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_door_rear_ramp                          S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    Door_RN_RoomConnector_Breachable_OpenReverse_IP_Prowler          Doors                                   
hardpoint_door_drop_01                            S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    Door_RN_RoomConnector_Breachable_OpenReverse_IP_Prowler_Drop     Doors                                   
hardpoint_door_drop_02                            S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    Door_RN_RoomConnector_Breachable_OpenReverse_IP_Prowler_Drop     Doors                                   
hardpoint_door_drop_03                            S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    Door_RN_RoomConnector_Breachable_OpenReverse_IP_Prowler_Drop     Doors                                   
hardpoint_door_drop_04                            S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    Door_RN_RoomConnector_Breachable_OpenReverse_IP_Prowler_Drop     Doors                                   
hardpoint_door_drop_05                            S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    Door_RN_RoomConnector_Breachable_OpenReverse_IP_Prowler_Drop     Doors                                   
hardpoint_door_drop_06                            S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    Door_RN_RoomConnector_Breachable_OpenReverse_IP_Prowler_Drop     Doors                                   
hardpoint_door_drop_07                            S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    Door_RN_RoomConnector_Breachable_OpenReverse_IP_Prowler_Drop     Doors                                   
hardpoint_door_drop_08                            S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    Door_RN_RoomConnector_Breachable_OpenReverse_IP_Prowler_Drop     Doors                                   
hardpoint_jump_seat_01                            S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_jump_seat_02                            S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_jump_seat_03                            S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_jump_seat_04                            S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_jump_seat_05                            S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_jump_seat_06                            S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_jump_seat_07                            S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_jump_seat_08                            S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_jump_seat_09                            S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_jump_seat_10                            S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_jump_seat_11                            S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_jump_seat_12                            S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_jump_seat_13                            S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_jump_seat_14                            S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_jump_seat_15                            S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_jump_seat_16                            S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_weapon_rack_01                          S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     Weapon_Rack_Powered_ESPR_Prowler                                 Weapon hardpoints                       
 $proxy_weapon_01                                 S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_weapon_rack_02                          S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     Weapon_Rack_Powered_ESPR_Prowler                                 Weapon hardpoints                       
 $proxy_weapon_01                                 S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_weapon_rack_03                          S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     Weapon_Rack_Powered_ESPR_Prowler                                 Weapon hardpoints                       
 $proxy_weapon_01                                 S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_weapon_rack_04                          S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     Weapon_Rack_Powered_ESPR_Prowler                                 Weapon hardpoints                       
 $proxy_weapon_01                                 S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_weapon_rack_05                          S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     Weapon_Rack_Powered_ESPR_Prowler                                 Weapon hardpoints                       
 $proxy_weapon_01                                 S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_weapon_rack_06                          S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     Weapon_Rack_Powered_ESPR_Prowler                                 Weapon hardpoints                       
 $proxy_weapon_01                                 S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_weapon_rack_07                          S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     Weapon_Rack_Powered_ESPR_Prowler                                 Weapon hardpoints                       
 $proxy_weapon_01                                 S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_weapon_rack_08                          S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     Weapon_Rack_Powered_ESPR_Prowler                                 Weapon hardpoints                       
 $proxy_weapon_01                                 S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_weapon_rack_09                          S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     Weapon_Rack_Powered_ESPR_Prowler                                 Weapon hardpoints                       
 $proxy_weapon_01                                 S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_weapon_rack_10                          S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     Weapon_Rack_Powered_ESPR_Prowler                                 Weapon hardpoints                       
 $proxy_weapon_01                                 S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_weapon_rack_11                          S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     Weapon_Rack_Powered_ESPR_Prowler                                 Weapon hardpoints                       
 $proxy_weapon_01                                 S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_weapon_rack_12                          S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     Weapon_Rack_Powered_ESPR_Prowler                                 Weapon hardpoints                       
 $proxy_weapon_01                                 S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_weapon_rack_13                          S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     Weapon_Rack_Powered_ESPR_Prowler                                 Weapon hardpoints                       
 $proxy_weapon_01                                 S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_weapon_rack_14                          S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     Weapon_Rack_Powered_ESPR_Prowler                                 Weapon hardpoints                       
 $proxy_weapon_01                                 S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_weapon_rack_15                          S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     Weapon_Rack_Powered_ESPR_Prowler                                 Weapon hardpoints                       
 $proxy_weapon_01                                 S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_weapon_rack_16                          S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     Weapon_Rack_Powered_ESPR_Prowler                                 Weapon hardpoints                       
 $proxy_weapon_01                                 S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_missile                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_controller_capacitor_assignment         S0                                                     Controller_CapacitorAssignment                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_ladder                                  S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    ESPR_Prowler_Door_Ladder_Int                                     Doors                                   
hardpoint_controller_fuel                         S0                                                     Controller_Fuel                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_fuel_port                               S1   DockingCollar.UNDEFINED                           DockingTube_Fuel_Ports_ESPR_Prowler                              UNKNOWN                                 
 itemport_vehicle_attach                          S8   NOITEM_Vehicle                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_air_traffic_controller                  S0                                                     ESPR_Prowler_ShipATCDataManager                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cockpit_flair                           S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_cockpit_flair_hang                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_relay_component_bay                     S1   Relay.UNDEFINED                                   RELAY_2slot                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_01                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_02                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_relay_drop_bay                          S1   Relay.UNDEFINED                                   RELAY_2slot                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_01                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_02                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_lifesupport                             S2   LifeSupportGenerator.UNDEFINED                    LFSP_TYDT_S02_ComfortAirPlus                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_01                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_02                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_03                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 

