GAMA_Syulen_Exec_Military
hardpoint_paint                                   S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_controller_cooler                       S0                                                     Controller_Cooler                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_energy                       S0                                                     Controller_Energy                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_flight                       S0                                                     Controller_Flight_GAMA_Syulen                                    UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_missile                      S0                                                     Controller_Missile_Gama_Syulen                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_scanner                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_controller_shield                       S0                                                     Controller_Shield_GAMA_Syulen                                    UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_weapon                       S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_capacitor_assignment         S0                                                     Controller_CapacitorAssignment                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_comms                        S0                                                     Controller_Comms                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_fuel                         S0                                                     Controller_Fuel                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_light                        S0                                                     Controller_Light                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_armor                                   S1   Armor.Medium                                      ARMR_GAMA_Syulen                                                 Armor                                   
hardpoint_cooler                                  S1   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_AEGS_S01_Glacier_SCItem                                     Coolers                                 
hardpoint_fuel_intake                             S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_GAMA_Syulen                                                 Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_tank_hydrogen_1                    S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_GAMA_Syulen                                                 Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_fuel_tank_quantum_1                     S1   QuantumFuelTank.QuantumFuel                       QTNK_GAMA_Syulen                                                 Quantum fuel tanks                      
hardpoint_ping                                    S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_power_plant                             S1   PowerPlant.Power                                  POWR_TYDT_S01_Slipstream_SCItem                                  Power plants                            
hardpoint_radar                                   S1                                                     RADR_GRNP_S01_Ecouter                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_access                             S0                                                     GAMA_Syulen_SeatAccess                                           UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_pilot                              S0                                                     GAMA_Syulen_Pilot_Seat                                           UNKNOWN                                 
 radar_helper                                     S1   Display                                                                                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S1                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_MFD_Right                                 S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_MFD_Left                                  S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 screen_annunciator_right                         S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_Physical_Holo                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 screen_annunciator_left                          S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_Physical_Holo                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 radar_helper                                     S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 Display_HUD                                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 Screen_MFD_Right                                 S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 Screen_MFD_Left                                  S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 screen_annunciator_right                         S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_Physical_Holo                                     DISABLED                                
 screen_annunciator_left                          S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_Physical_Holo                                     DISABLED                                
hardpoint_shield_generator_1                      S1   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_GODI_S01_FR66_SCItem                                        Shield generators                       
hardpoint_shield_generator_2                      S1   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_GODI_S01_FR66_SCItem                                        Shield generators                       
hardpoint_body_top_thruster_retro                 S2   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   GAMA_Syulen_Thruster_Retro                                       Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_body_left_thruster_retro                S2   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   GAMA_Syulen_Thruster_Retro                                       Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_body_right_thruster_retro               S2   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   GAMA_Syulen_Thruster_Retro                                       Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_wings_large_top_thruster_main  S2   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        GAMA_Syulen_Thruster_Mains_Large                                 Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_wings_large_top_thruster_mav_left       S2   ManneuverThruster.FlexThruster                    GAMA_Syulen_Thruster_Mav                                         Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_wings_large_top_thruster_mav_right      S2   ManneuverThruster.FlexThruster                    GAMA_Syulen_Thruster_Mav                                         Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_wings_large_left_thruster_main          S2   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        GAMA_Syulen_Thruster_Mains_Large                                 Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_wings_large_left_thruster_mav_left      S2   ManneuverThruster.FlexThruster                    GAMA_Syulen_Thruster_Mav_Bottom                                  Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_wings_large_left_thruster_mav_right     S2   ManneuverThruster.FlexThruster                    GAMA_Syulen_Thruster_Mav                                         Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_wings_large_right_thruster_main         S2   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        GAMA_Syulen_Thruster_Mains_Large                                 Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_wings_large_right_thruster_mav_left     S2   ManneuverThruster.FlexThruster                    GAMA_Syulen_Thruster_Mav                                         Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_wings_large_right_thruster_mav_right    S2   ManneuverThruster.FlexThruster                    GAMA_Syulen_Thruster_Mav_Bottom                                  Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_wings_small_bottom_thruster_main        S2   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        GAMA_Syulen_Thruster_Mains_Small                                 Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_wings_small_left_thruster_main          S2   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        GAMA_Syulen_Thruster_Mains_Small                                 Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_wings_small_right_thruster_main         S2   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        GAMA_Syulen_Thruster_Mains_Small                                 Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_cargo_bottom                            S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    GAMA_Syulen_CargoArm                                             Doors                                   
 Hardpoint_cargo_1                                S0                                                     GAMA_Syulen_CargoGrid_Main                                       UNKNOWN                                 
 Hardpoint_cargo_2                                S0                                                     GAMA_Syulen_CargoGrid_Main                                       UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cargo_left                              S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    GAMA_Syulen_CargoArm                                             Doors                                   
 Hardpoint_cargo_1                                S0                                                     GAMA_Syulen_CargoGrid_Main                                       UNKNOWN                                 
 Hardpoint_cargo_2                                S0                                                     GAMA_Syulen_CargoGrid_Main                                       UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cargo_right                             S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    GAMA_Syulen_CargoArm                                             Doors                                   
 Hardpoint_cargo_1                                S0                                                     GAMA_Syulen_CargoGrid_Main                                       UNKNOWN                                 
 Hardpoint_cargo_2                                S0                                                     GAMA_Syulen_CargoGrid_Main                                       UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_wings_large_left_missile_rack           S4   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S04_GAMA_Quad_S02                                           Missile racks                           
 missile_01_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          Missiles                                
 missile_02_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          Missiles                                
 missile_03_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          Missiles                                
 missile_04_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
 missile_03_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
 missile_04_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
hardpoint_wings_large_right_missile_rack          S4   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S04_GAMA_Quad_S02                                           Missile racks                           
 missile_01_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          Missiles                                
 missile_02_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          Missiles                                
 missile_03_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          Missiles                                
 missile_04_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
 missile_03_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
 missile_04_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
hardpoint_wings_large_top_missile_rack            S4   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S04_GAMA_Quad_S02                                           Missile racks                           
 missile_01_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          Missiles                                
 missile_02_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          Missiles                                
 missile_03_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          Missiles                                
 missile_04_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
 missile_03_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
 missile_04_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
hardpoint_weapon_bottom                           S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_weapon_Left                             S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_weapon_right                            S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_body_mid_left_bottom_thruster_mav       S2   ManneuverThruster.FlexThruster                    GAMA_Syulen_Thruster_Mav_Bottom                                  Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_body_mid_left_mid_thruster_mav          S2   ManneuverThruster.FlexThruster                    GAMA_Syulen_Thruster_Mav                                         Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_body_mid_left_top_thruster_mav          S2   ManneuverThruster.FlexThruster                    GAMA_Syulen_Thruster_Mav                                         Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_body_mid_right_bottom_thruster_mav      S2   ManneuverThruster.FlexThruster                    GAMA_Syulen_Thruster_Mav_Bottom                                  Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_body_mid_right_mid_thruster_mav         S2   ManneuverThruster.FlexThruster                    GAMA_Syulen_Thruster_Mav                                         Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_body_mid_right_top_thruster_mav         S2   ManneuverThruster.FlexThruster                    GAMA_Syulen_Thruster_Mav                                         Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_body_rear_left_bottom_thruster_mav      S2   ManneuverThruster.FlexThruster                    GAMA_Syulen_Thruster_Mav_Bottom                                  Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_body_rear_left_mid_thruster_mav         S2   ManneuverThruster.FlexThruster                    GAMA_Syulen_Thruster_Mav_Top                                     Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_body_rear_left_top_thruster_mav         S2   ManneuverThruster.FlexThruster                    GAMA_Syulen_Thruster_Mav                                         Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_body_rear_right_bottom_thruster_mav     S2   ManneuverThruster.FlexThruster                    GAMA_Syulen_Thruster_Mav                                         Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_body_rear_right_mid_thruster_mav        S2   ManneuverThruster.FlexThruster                    GAMA_Syulen_Thruster_Mav_Top                                     Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_body_rear_right_top_thruster_mav        S2   ManneuverThruster.FlexThruster                    GAMA_Syulen_Thruster_Mav                                         Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_body_front_left_bottom_thruster_mav     S2   ManneuverThruster.FlexThruster                    GAMA_Syulen_Thruster_Mav_Bottom                                  Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_body_front_left_mid_thruster_mav        S2   ManneuverThruster.FlexThruster                    GAMA_Syulen_Thruster_Mav                                         Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_body_front_left_top_thruster_mav        S2   ManneuverThruster.FlexThruster                    GAMA_Syulen_Thruster_Mav_Top                                     Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_body_front_right_bottom_thruster_mav    S2   ManneuverThruster.FlexThruster                    GAMA_Syulen_Thruster_Mav_Bottom                                  Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_body_front_right_mid_thruster_mav       S2   ManneuverThruster.FlexThruster                    GAMA_Syulen_Thruster_Mav                                         Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_body_front_right_top_thruster_mav       S2   ManneuverThruster.FlexThruster                    GAMA_Syulen_Thruster_Mav_Top                                     Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_countermeasure_left_01                  S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            GAMA_Syulen_CML_Chaff                                            Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_countermeasure_left_02                  S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            GAMA_Syulen_CML_Chaff                                            Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_countermeasure_right_01                 S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            GAMA_Syulen_CML_Flare                                            Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_airlock_ramp                            S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    Door_RN_RoomConnector_Breachable_OpenReverse_Gama_Syulen_EntranceDoors                                   
hardpoint_fuel_ground                             S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    Door_NoRoomConnector_Syulen_Ground_FuelPort                      Doors                                   
hardpoint_quantum_drive                           S1   QuantumDrive.UNDEFINED                            QDRV_JUST_S01_Colossus_SCItem                                    UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_Jump_Drive                             S1   JumpDrive.JumpDrive                               JDRV_TARS_S01_Explorer_SCItem                                    UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_jump_drive                             S1                                                     JDRV_TARS_S01_Explorer_SCItem                                    DISABLED                                
hardpoint_cockpit_selfDestruct                    S1   SelfDestruct.UNDEFINED                            VHCL_SelfDestruct_45s                                            Self destruct                           
hardpoint_controller_Door                         S0                                                     Controller_Door                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_ATC_controller                          S0                                                     GAMA_Syulen_ShipATCDataManager                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_fuel_port                               S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    Door_NoRoomConnector_Syulen_Ground_FuelPort                      Doors                                   
landingpad_helper                                 S1   LandingSystem.UNDEFINED                           Default_LandingSystem                                            UNKNOWN                                 
Headlight_Top                                     S1   Misc.UNDEFINED                                    GAMA_Syulen_Headlight                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_glass                                  S1                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
Headlight_Left                                    S1   Misc.UNDEFINED                                    GAMA_Syulen_Headlight                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_glass                                  S1                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
Headlight_Right                                   S1   Misc.UNDEFINED                                    GAMA_Syulen_Headlight                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_glass                                  S1                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_extinguisher                            S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_relay                                   S1   Relay.UNDEFINED                                   RELAY_2slot_slim                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_01                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_02                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_lifesupport                             S1   LifeSupportGenerator.UNDEFINED                    LFSP_TYDT_S01_ComfortAir                                         UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_01                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_02                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_03                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 

