KRIG_P52_Merlin
hardpoint_paint                                   S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_seat_access                             S0                                                     KRIG_P52_Merlin_SeatAccess                                       UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_pilot                              S0                                                     KRIG_P52_Merlin_Seat_Pilot                                       UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_dashboard_pilot                         S0                                                     KRIG_P52_Merlin_Dashboard_Pilot                                  UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S1                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 screen_radar                                     S1   Display                                                                                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 screen_annunciator_left                          S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_Physical                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 screen_annunciator_right                         S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_Physical                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 screen_mfd_left                                  S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 screen_mfd_right                                 S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 screen_radar                                     S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 screen_annunciator_left                          S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_Physical                                          DISABLED                                
 screen_annunciator_right                         S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_Physical                                          DISABLED                                
 screen_mfd_left                                  S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 screen_mfd_right                                 S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
hardpoint_self_destruct_pilot                     S1   SelfDestruct.UNDEFINED                            VHCL_SelfDestruct_10s                                            Self destruct                           
hardpoint_controller_door                         S0                                                     Controller_Door                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_light                        S0                                                     Controller_Light                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_comms                        S0                                                     Controller_Comms                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_energy                       S0                                                     Controller_Energy                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_power_plant                             S1   PowerPlant.Power                                  POWR_SASU_S01_LightBlossom_SCItem                                Power plants                            
hardpoint_controller_cooler                       S0                                                     Controller_Cooler                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cooler_left                             S1   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_JSPN_S01_FrostStar_SCItem                                   Coolers                                 
hardpoint_cooler_right                            S1   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_JSPN_S01_FrostStar_SCItem                                   Coolers                                 
hardpoint_controller_shield                       S0                                                     Controller_Shield_KRIG_Merlin                                    UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_shield_generator                        S1   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_GODI_S01_SecureHyde_SCItem                                  Shield generators                       
hardpoint_armor                                   S1   Armor.Medium                                      ARMR_KRIG_Merlin                                                 Armor                                   
hardpoint_controller_flight                       S0                                                     Controller_Flight_KRIG_P52_Merlin                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_radar                                   S0                                                     RADR_WLOP_S00_Denning                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_scanner                                 S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_ping                                    S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_engine_left                             S1   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        KRIG_P52_Merlin_Thruster_Main                                    Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_engine_right                            S1   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        KRIG_P52_Merlin_Thruster_Main                                    Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_front_left                     S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   KRIG_P52_Merlin_Thruster_Mav_Lateral_L                           Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_front_right                    S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   KRIG_P52_Merlin_Thruster_Mav_Lateral_R                           Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_front_top                      S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   KRIG_P52_Merlin_Thruster_Mav_Vertical_Up                         Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_front_bottom                   S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   KRIG_P52_Merlin_Thruster_Mav_Vertical_Bottom                     Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_rear_left                      S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   KRIG_P52_Merlin_Thruster_Mav_Lateral_L                           Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_rear_right                     S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   KRIG_P52_Merlin_Thruster_Mav_Lateral_R                           Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_rear_top                       S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   KRIG_P52_Merlin_Thruster_Mav_Vertical_Up                         Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_rear_bottom                    S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   KRIG_P52_Merlin_Thruster_Mav_Vertical_Bottom                     Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_wing_right_top                 S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   KRIG_P52_Merlin_Thruster_Mav_Vertical_Up                         Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_wing_right_bottom              S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   KRIG_P52_Merlin_Thruster_Mav_Vertical_Bottom                     Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_wing_left_top                  S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   KRIG_P52_Merlin_Thruster_Mav_Vertical_Up                         Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_wing_left_bottom               S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   KRIG_P52_Merlin_Thruster_Mav_Vertical_Bottom                     Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_upper_left_retro               S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   KRIG_P52_Merlin_Thruster_Retro_01                                Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_upper_right_retro              S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   KRIG_P52_Merlin_Thruster_Retro_01                                Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_lower_center_retro             S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   KRIG_P52_Merlin_Thruster_Retro_02                                Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_fuel_intake_left                        S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_KRIG_P52_Merlin                                             Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_intake_right                       S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_KRIG_P52_Merlin                                             Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_tank_left                          S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_KRIG_P52_Merlin                                             Fuel tanks                              
landingpad_helper                                 S1   LandingSystem.UNDEFINED                           KRIG_Merlin_LandingGearSystem                                    UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_fuel_tank_right                         S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_KRIG_P52_Merlin                                             Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_controller_weapon                       S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_weapon_gun_centermount                  S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_countermeasure_launcher_bottom          S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            ORIG_M50_CML_Flare                                               Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_countermeasure_launcher_top             S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            ORIG_M50_CML_Chaff                                               Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_wing_left                               S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 hardpoint_weapon_gun_left_wing                   S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
  hardpoint_class_2                               S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_wing_right                              S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 hardpoint_weapon_gun_right_wing                  S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
  hardpoint_class_2                               S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_docking_collar                          S1   DockingCollar.UNDEFINED                           KRIG_P52_Merlin_DockingTube                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 itemport_vehicle_attach                          S8   NOITEM_Vehicle                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_air_traffic_controller                  S0                                                     KRIG_P52_Merlin_ATCDataManager                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_capacitor_assignment         S0                                                     Controller_CapacitorAssignment                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_fuel                         S0                                                     Controller_Fuel                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_fuel_port                               S1   DockingCollar.UNDEFINED                           DockingTube_Fuel_Ports_KRIG_P52_Merlin                           UNKNOWN                                 
 itemport_vehicle_attach                          S8   NOITEM_Vehicle                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cockpit_flair_hang                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_relay_cockpit                           S1   Relay.UNDEFINED                                   RELAY_2slot                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_01                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_02                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_lifesupport                             S0   LifeSupportGenerator.UNDEFINED                    LFSP_TYDT_S00_ComfortAirLite                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_01                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_02                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_03                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 

