MISC_Hull_A
hardpoint_paint                                   S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_seat_pilot                              S0                                                     MISC_Hull_A_Seat_Pilot                                           UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_access                             S0                                                     MISC_Hull_A_SeatAccess_Pilot                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_pilot_dashboard                         S0                                                     MISC_Hull_A_Dashboard_Pilot                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_display_radar                          S1   Display                                                                                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S1                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 MFD_Screen_Pilot_Left                            S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 MFD_Screen_Pilot_Right                           S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_Annunciator                               S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_Physical                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_MFD_Left                                  S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_MFD_Right                                 S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_display_radar                          S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 Display_HUD                                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 MFD_Screen_Pilot_Left                            S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 MFD_Screen_Pilot_Right                           S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 Screen_Annunciator                               S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_Physical                                          DISABLED                                
 Screen_MFD_Left                                  S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 Screen_MFD_Right                                 S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
hardpoint_controller_comms                        S0                                                     Controller_Comms                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_door                         S0                                                     Controller_Door                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_flight                       S0                                                     Controller_Flight_MISC_Hull_A                                    UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_scanner                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_controller_energy                       S0                                                     Controller_Energy                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_light                        S0                                                     Controller_Light                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_cooler                       S0                                                     Controller_Cooler                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_shield                       S0                                                     Controller_Shield_MISC_Hull_A                                    UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_weapon                       S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_capacitor_assignment         S0                                                     Controller_CapacitorAssignment                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cockpit_radar                           S1                                                     RADR_CHCO_S01_SurveyorLite                                       UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_selfdestruct                            S1   SelfDestruct.UNDEFINED                            VHCL_SelfDestruct_30s                                            Self destruct                           
hardpoint_airlock                                 S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_power_plant                             S1   PowerPlant.Power                                  POWR_LPLT_S01_IonBurst_SCItem                                    Power plants                            
hardpoint_fuel_tank                               S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_MISC_Hull_A                                                 Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_fuel_intake                             S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_MISC_Hull_A                                                 Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_cooler_1                                S1   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_LPLT_S01_ArcticStorm_SCItem                                 Coolers                                 
hardpoint_cooler_2                                S1   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_LPLT_S01_ArcticStorm_SCItem                                 Coolers                                 
hardpoint_quantum_drive                           S1   QuantumDrive.UNDEFINED                            QDRV_JUST_S01_Goliath_SCItem                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_Jump_Drive                             S1   JumpDrive.JumpDrive                               JDRV_TARS_S01_Explorer_SCItem                                    UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_jump_drive                             S1                                                     JDRV_TARS_S01_Explorer_SCItem                                    DISABLED                                
hardpoint_quantum_fuel                            S1   QuantumFuelTank.QuantumFuel                       QTNK_MISC_Hull_A                                                 Quantum fuel tanks                      
hardpoint_shield_generator_1                      S2   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_BASL_S02_Armada_SCItem                                      Shield generators                       
hardpoint_armour                                  S1   Armor.Medium                                      ARMR_MISC_Hull_A                                                 Armor                                   
landingpad_helper                                 S1   LandingSystem.UNDEFINED                           Default_LandingSystem                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_turret_nose                             S0   TurretBase.MannedTurret                                                                                            Manned turrets                          
 hardpoint_left                                   S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 hardpoint_right                                  S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_CML_left                                S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_CML_right                               S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_controller_fuel                         S0                                                     Controller_Fuel                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_fuel_port                               S1   DockingCollar.UNDEFINED                           DockingTube_Fuel_Ports_MISC_Hull_A                               UNKNOWN                                 
 itemport_vehicle_attach                          S8   NOITEM_Vehicle                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_air_traffic_controller                  S0                                                     MISC_Hull_A_ShipATCDataManager                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_thruster_main                           S3   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        MISC_Hull_A_Thruster_Main                                        Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_aux_left                       S3   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        MISC_Hull_A_Thruster_Aux                                         Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_aux_right                      S3   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        MISC_Hull_A_Thruster_Aux                                         Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_vtol_rear_left                 S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Hull_A_Thruster_VTOL                                        VTOL thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_vtol_rear_right                S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Hull_A_Thruster_VTOL                                        VTOL thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_vtol_front_left                S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Hull_A_Thruster_VTOL                                        VTOL thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_vtol_front_right               S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Hull_A_Thruster_VTOL                                        VTOL thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_retro_left                     S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Hull_A_Thruster_Retro                                       Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_retro_right                    S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Hull_A_Thruster_Retro                                       Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_mav_rear_top_left              S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Hull_A_Thruster_Mav_Roll                                    Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_rear_top_right             S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Hull_A_Thruster_Mav_Roll                                    Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_rear_side_left             S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Hull_A_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_rear_side_right            S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Hull_A_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_rear_bottom_left           S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Hull_A_Thruster_Mav_Roll                                    Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_rear_bottom_right          S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Hull_A_Thruster_Mav_Roll                                    Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_front_top_left             S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Hull_A_Thruster_Mav_Roll                                    Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_front_top_right            S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Hull_A_Thruster_Mav_Roll                                    Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_front_side_left            S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Hull_A_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_front_side_right           S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Hull_A_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_front_bottom_left          S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Hull_A_Thruster_Mav_Roll                                    Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_front_bottom_right         S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Hull_A_Thruster_Mav_Roll                                    Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_weapon_locker                           S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     Weapon_Rack_MISC_Hull_A                                          Weapon hardpoints                       
 $IP_rifle_01                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rifle_02                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rifle_03                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rifle_04                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rifle_05                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rifle_06                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rifle_07                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rifle_08                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_01                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_02                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_03                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_04                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_05                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_06                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_07                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_08                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_09                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_10                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_11                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_12                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cargoplate_bot_left                     S1   CargoGrid.UNDEFINED                               MISC_Hull_A_CargoPlate                                           UNKNOWN                                 
 Hardpoint_Cargo                                  S1   CargoGrid                                         MISC_Hull_A_CargoGrid                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 Hardpoint_Cargo                                  S0                                                     MISC_Hull_A_CargoGrid                                            DISABLED                                
hardpoint_cargoplate_top_left                     S1   CargoGrid.UNDEFINED                               MISC_Hull_A_CargoPlate                                           UNKNOWN                                 
 Hardpoint_Cargo                                  S1   CargoGrid                                         MISC_Hull_A_CargoGrid                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 Hardpoint_Cargo                                  S0                                                     MISC_Hull_A_CargoGrid                                            DISABLED                                
hardpoint_cargoplate_bot_right                    S1   CargoGrid.UNDEFINED                               MISC_Hull_A_CargoPlate                                           UNKNOWN                                 
 Hardpoint_Cargo                                  S1   CargoGrid                                         MISC_Hull_A_CargoGrid                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 Hardpoint_Cargo                                  S0                                                     MISC_Hull_A_CargoGrid                                            DISABLED                                
hardpoint_cargoplate_top_right                    S1   CargoGrid.UNDEFINED                               MISC_Hull_A_CargoPlate                                           UNKNOWN                                 
 Hardpoint_Cargo                                  S1   CargoGrid                                         MISC_Hull_A_CargoGrid                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 Hardpoint_Cargo                                  S0                                                     MISC_Hull_A_CargoGrid                                            DISABLED                                
hardpoint_cockpit_flair                           S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_cockpit_flair_hang                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_relay_cockpit                           S1   Relay.UNDEFINED                                   RELAY_2slot                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_01                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_02                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_lifesupport                             S1   LifeSupportGenerator.UNDEFINED                    LFSP_TYDT_S01_ComfortAir                                         UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_01                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_02                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_03                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_gravitygenerator                        S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                

