MISC_Freelancer_DUR_Unmanned_Salvage
hardpoint_paint                                   S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_door_rear                               S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    Door_RN_RoomConnector_Breachable_OpenReverse_Freelancer_Reardoor Doors                                   
hardpoint_door_airlock                            S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    Door_RN_RoomConnector_Breachable_OpenReverse_Freelancer_Airlock  Doors                                   
hardpoint_controller_flight                       S0                                                     Controller_Flight_MISC_Freelancer_DUR                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_access_sidedoor                    S0                                                     MISC_Freelancer_Base_SCItem_SeatAccess_Sidedoor                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_pilot                              S0                                                     MISC_Freelancer_Base_SCItem_Seat_Pilot                           UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_access_pilot                       S0                                                     MISC_Freelancer_Base_SCItem_SeatAccess_Pilot                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_dashboard_pilot                         S0                                                     MISC_Freelancer_Base_SCItem_Dashboard_Pilot                      UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_cockpit_radar                          S1   Display                                                                                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S1                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_holo_pilot_front_right                    S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD_Holographic_MISC_Freelancer_R                 UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_holo_pilot_front_left                     S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD_Holographic_MISC_Freelancer_L                 UNKNOWN                                 
 MFD_Screen_Pilot_Right                           S1   Display                                                                                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 MFD_Screen_Pilot_Left                            S1   Display                                                                                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 screen_holo_annunciator_pilot_front_left         S0                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 screen_holo_annunciator_pilot_front_right        S0                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_cockpit_radar                          S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 Display_HUD                                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 Screen_holo_pilot_front_right                    S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD_Holographic_MISC_Freelancer_R                 DISABLED                                
 Screen_holo_pilot_front_left                     S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD_Holographic_MISC_Freelancer_L                 DISABLED                                
 MFD_Screen_Pilot_Right                           S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 MFD_Screen_Pilot_Left                            S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 screen_holo_annunciator_pilot_front_left         S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 screen_holo_annunciator_pilot_front_right        S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_seat_copilot                            S0                                                     MISC_Freelancer_Base_SCItem_Seat_CoPilot                         UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_access_copilot                     S0                                                     MISC_Freelancer_Base_SCItem_SeatAccess_Copilot                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_dashboard_copilot                       S0                                                     MISC_Freelancer_Base_SCItem_Dashboard_CoPilot                    UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_cockpit_radar                          S1   Display                                                                                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S1                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 MFD_Screen_co_Right                              S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 MFD_Screen_co_Left                               S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_holo_copilot_right                        S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD_Holographic_MISC_Freelancer_R                 UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_holo_copilot_left                         S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD_Holographic_MISC_Freelancer_L                 UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_holo_copilot_right                        S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD_Holographic_MISC_Freelancer_R                 DISABLED                                
 Screen_holo_copilot_left                         S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD_Holographic_MISC_Freelancer_L                 DISABLED                                
 MFD_Screen_co_Right                              S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 MFD_Screen_co_Left                               S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
hardpoint_seat_rear_left                          S0                                                     MISC_Freelancer_Base_SCItem_Seat_Passenger_Left                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_access_rear_left                   S0                                                     MISC_Freelancer_Base_SCItem_SeatAccess_Passenger_Left            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_dashboard_passenger_left                S0                                                     MISC_Freelancer_Base_SCItem_Dashboard_Passenger_Left             UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_holo_passanger_Main                       S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_holo_passanger_Main                       S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
hardpoint_seat_rear_right                         S0                                                     MISC_Freelancer_Base_SCItem_Seat_Passenger_Right                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_access_rear_right                  S0                                                     MISC_Freelancer_Base_SCItem_SeatAccess_Passenger_Right           UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_dashboard_passenger_right               S0                                                     MISC_Freelancer_Base_SCItem_Dashboard_Passenger_Right            UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_holo_passanger_Main                       S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_holo_passanger_Main                       S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
hardpoint_esc_pod_upper_left                      S0                                                     MISC_Freelancer_SCItem_Seat_Bed_Upper_Left                       UNKNOWN                                 
 decal_front                                      S1                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_esc_pod_upper_right                     S0                                                     MISC_Freelancer_SCItem_Seat_Bed_Upper_Right                      UNKNOWN                                 
 decal_front                                      S1                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_esc_pod_lower_left                      S0                                                     MISC_Freelancer_SCItem_Seat_Bed_Lower_Left                       UNKNOWN                                 
 decal_front                                      S1                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_esc_pod_lower_right                     S0                                                     MISC_Freelancer_SCItem_Seat_Bed_Lower_Right                      UNKNOWN                                 
 decal_front                                      S1                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_door                         S0                                                     Controller_Door                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_light                        S0                                                     Controller_Light                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_selfdestruct                            S1   SelfDestruct.UNDEFINED                            VHCL_SelfDestruct_30s                                            Self destruct                           
hardpoint_radar                                   S2                                                     RADR_WLOP_S02_Chernykh                                           UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_scanner                                 S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_ping                                    S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_cargogrid_rear                          S1   CargoGrid.UNDEFINED                               MISC_Freelancer_CargoGrid_Rear_DUR                               UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cargogrid_mid_left                      S1   CargoGrid.UNDEFINED                               MISC_Freelancer_CargoGrid_Mid                                    UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cargogrid_mid_right                     S1   CargoGrid.UNDEFINED                               MISC_Freelancer_CargoGrid_Mid                                    UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_comms                        S0                                                     Controller_Comms                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_energy                       S0                                                     Controller_Energy                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_powerplant_01                           S2   PowerPlant.Power                                  POWR_SASU_S02_DayBreak_SCItem                                    Power plants                            
hardpoint_fuel_tank_left                          S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_MISC_Freelancer_DUR                                         Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_fuel_tank_right                         S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_MISC_Freelancer_DUR                                         Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_fuel_intake_left                        S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_MISC_Freelancer_DUR                                         Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_intake_right                       S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_MISC_Freelancer_DUR                                         Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_controller_cooler                       S0                                                     Controller_Cooler                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cooler                                  S2   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_JSPN_S02_FrostStarEX_SCItem                                 Coolers                                 
hardpoint_cooler_02                               S2   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_JSPN_S02_FrostStarEX_SCItem                                 Coolers                                 
hardpoint_quantum_drive                           S2   QuantumDrive.UNDEFINED                            QDRV_TARS_S02_Odyssey_SCItem                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_Jump_Drive                             S2   JumpDrive.JumpDrive                               JDRV_TARS_S02_Excelsior_SCItem                                   UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_jump_drive                             S2                                                     JDRV_TARS_S02_Excelsior_SCItem                                   DISABLED                                
hardpoint_quantum_fuel_tank                       S1   QuantumFuelTank.QuantumFuel                       QTNK_MISC_Freelancer_DUR                                         Quantum fuel tanks                      
hardpoint_controller_shield                       S0                                                     Controller_Shield_MISC_Freelancer                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_shield_generator                        S2   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_BEHR_S02_5MA_SCItem                                         Shield generators                       
hardpoint_shield_generator_02                     S2   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_BEHR_S02_5MA_SCItem                                         Shield generators                       
hardpoint_armour                                  S1   Armor.Medium                                      ARMR_MISC_Freelancer_DUR                                         Armor                                   
hardpoint_engine_left                             S1   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        MISC_Freelancer_Thruster_DUR_Main                                Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_engine_right                            S1   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        MISC_Freelancer_Thruster_DUR_Main_Right                          Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_retro_left_a                            S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Freelancer_Thruster_Retro                                   Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_retro_right_a                           S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Freelancer_Thruster_Retro                                   Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_front_left_top                 S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   MISC_Freelancer_Thruster_Mav_Joint                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_front_right_top                S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   MISC_Freelancer_Thruster_Mav_Joint                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_back_left_top                  S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   MISC_Freelancer_Thruster_Mav_Joint                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_back_right_top                 S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   MISC_Freelancer_Thruster_Mav_Joint                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_front_left_bottom              S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   MISC_Freelancer_Thruster_Mav_Joint_Bottom                        Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_front_right_bottom             S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   MISC_Freelancer_Thruster_Mav_Joint_Bottom                        Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_centre_left_bottom             S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   MISC_Freelancer_Thruster_Mav_Joint_Bottom                        Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_centre_right_bottom            S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   MISC_Freelancer_Thruster_Mav_Joint_Bottom                        Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_centre_rear_left_bottom        S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   MISC_Freelancer_Thruster_Mav_Joint_Bottom                        Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_centre_rear_right_bottom       S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   MISC_Freelancer_Thruster_Mav_Joint_Bottom                        Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_rear_left_bottom               S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   MISC_Freelancer_Thruster_Mav_Joint_Bottom                        Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_rear_right_bottom              S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   MISC_Freelancer_Thruster_Mav_Joint_Bottom                        Maneuvering thrusters                   
landingpad_helper                                 S1   LandingSystem.UNDEFINED                           Default_LandingSystem                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_weapon                       S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_sidecannon_right                        S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 hardpoint_weapon_01                              S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon_02                              S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_sidecannon_left                         S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 hardpoint_weapon_01                              S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon_02                              S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_turret_seataccess                       S0                                                     MISC_Freelancer_Base_SCItem_SeatAccess_Turret                    UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_rear_turret                             S0   TurretBase.MannedTurret                                                                                            Manned turrets                          
 turret_left                                      S3   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           Mount_Gimbal_S3                                                  Manned turrets                          
  hardpoint_class_2                               S3                                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            DISABLED                                
 turret_right                                     S3   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           Mount_Gimbal_S3                                                  Manned turrets                          
  hardpoint_class_2                               S3                                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            DISABLED                                
 Screen_Radar                                     S0                                                     Radar_Display_Screen_Template                                    DISABLED                                
 Screen_Right_Top                                 S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 Screen_Left_Top                                  S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 Screen_Right_Bottom                              S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 Screen_Left_Bottom                               S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
hardpoint_weapon_missilerack_left_wing_outer_back S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                     MRCK_S04_BEHR_Dual_S03                                           Weapon hardpoints                       
 missile_01_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        Missiles                                
 missile_02_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        DISABLED                                
hardpoint_weapon_missilerack_left_wing_outer      S3   WeaponGun.Gun                                     MRCK_S03_BEHR_Dual_S02                                           Weapon hardpoints                       
 missile_01_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_EM_TALN_Dominator                                       Missiles                                
 missile_02_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_EM_TALN_Dominator                                       Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_EM_TALN_Dominator                                       DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_EM_TALN_Dominator                                       DISABLED                                
hardpoint_weapon_missilerack_right_wing_outer_backS4   WeaponGun.Gun                                     MRCK_S04_BEHR_Dual_S03                                           Weapon hardpoints                       
 missile_01_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        Missiles                                
 missile_02_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        DISABLED                                
hardpoint_weapon_missilerack_right_wing_outer     S3   WeaponGun.Gun                                     MRCK_S03_BEHR_Dual_S02                                           Weapon hardpoints                       
 missile_01_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_EM_TALN_Dominator                                       Missiles                                
 missile_02_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_EM_TALN_Dominator                                       Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_EM_TALN_Dominator                                       DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_EM_TALN_Dominator                                       DISABLED                                
hardpoint_countermeasure_launcher_left_01         S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            MISC_CML_Decoy_Small                                             Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_countermeasure_launcher_right_01        S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            MISC_CML_Noise_Small                                             Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_shield_generator_03                     S2   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_BEHR_S02_5MA_SCItem                                         Shield generators                       
hardpoint_powerplant_02                           S2   PowerPlant.Power                                  POWR_SASU_S02_DayBreak_SCItem                                    Power plants                            
hardpoint_lifesupport                             S2   LifeSupportGenerator.UNDEFINED                    LFSP_TYDT_S02_ComfortAirPlus                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_01                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_02                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_03                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_retro_right_b                           S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Freelancer_Thruster_Retro                                   Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_controller_missile                      S0                                                     Controller_Missile                                               UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_capacitor_assignment         S0                                                     Controller_CapacitorAssignment                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_fuel                         S0                                                     Controller_Fuel                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_fuel_port                               S1   DockingCollar.UNDEFINED                           DockingTube_Fuel_Ports_MISC_Freelancer_DUR                       UNKNOWN                                 
 itemport_vehicle_attach                          S8   NOITEM_Vehicle                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_air_traffic_controller                  S0                                                     MISC_Freelancer_DUR_ShipATCDataManager                           UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cockpit_flair                           S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_cockpit_flair_hang                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_relay_cockpit                           S1   Relay.UNDEFINED                                   RELAY_1slot                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_01                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_relay_cargo_bay                         S1   Relay.UNDEFINED                                   RELAY_2slot                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_01                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_02                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 

