MISC_Fury_Miru
hardpoint_paint                                   S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_cockpit_selfDestruct                    S1   SelfDestruct.UNDEFINED                            VHCL_SelfDestruct_20s                                            Self destruct                           
hardpoint_armor                                   S1   Armor.Medium                                      ARMR_MISC_Fury                                                   Armor                                   
hardpoint_controller_cooler                       S0                                                     Controller_Cooler                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_energy                       S0                                                     Controller_Energy                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_flight                       S0                                                     Controller_Flight_MISC_Fury_MX                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_scanner                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_controller_shield                       S0                                                     Controller_Shield_MISC_Fury                                      UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_weapon                       S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_door                         S0                                                     Controller_Door                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_missile                      S0                                                     Controller_Missile                                               UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_capacitor_assignment         S0                                                     Controller_CapacitorAssignment                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_comms                        S0                                                     Controller_Comms                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_light                        S0                                                     Controller_Light                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_access                             S0                                                     MISC_Fury_BlastShield_SeatAccess                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_pilot                              S0                                                     MISC_Fury_Blastshield_SCItem_SeatDashboard                       UNKNOWN                                 
 Radar_Helper                                     S1   Display                                                                                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S1                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_btn_cover                              S0   Misc                                                                                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_Radar                                     S1   Display                                           Radar_Display_Screen_Template                                    UNKNOWN                                 
 screen_right                                     S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 screen_left                                      S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 screen_annunciator_right                         S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_Physical_Holo                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 screen_annunciator_left                          S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_Physical_Holo                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 Radar_Helper                                     S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 Display_HUD                                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 screen_right                                     S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 screen_left                                      S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 screen_annunciator_right                         S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_Physical_Holo                                     DISABLED                                
 screen_annunciator_left                          S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_Physical_Holo                                     DISABLED                                
 Screen_Radar                                     S0                                                     Radar_Display_Screen_Template                                    DISABLED                                
radar_helper                                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_cooler_left                             S1   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_JUST_S01_Hydrocel_SCItem                                    Coolers                                 
hardpoint_cooler_right                            S1   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_JUST_S01_Hydrocel_SCItem                                    Coolers                                 
hardpoint_fuel_tank                               S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_MISC_Fury                                                   Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_fuel_intake                             S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_MISC_Fury                                                   Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_power_plant                             S1   PowerPlant.Power                                  POWR_JUST_S01_Roughneck_SCItem                                   Power plants                            
hardpoint_shield_generator                        S1   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_ASAS_S01_Cloak_SCItem                                       Shield generators                       
hardpoint_radar                                   S1                                                     RADR_GRNP_S01_Ecouter                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_lifesupport                             S0   LifeSupportGenerator.UNDEFINED                    LFSP_TYDT_S00_ComfortAirLite                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_01                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_02                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_03                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_avionics                                S1                                                     COMP_BEHR_S01_CSR-RP                                             DISABLED                                
landingpad_helper                                 S1   LandingSystem.UNDEFINED                           Default_LandingSystem                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_thruster_front_bottom_left              S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Fury_MX_Thruster_FixedMav_Bottom                            Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_front_bottom_right             S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Fury_MX_Thruster_FixedMav_Bottom                            Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_front_side_left                S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Fury_MX_Thruster_FixedMav                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_front_side_right               S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Fury_MX_Thruster_FixedMav                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_front_top_left                 S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Fury_MX_Thruster_FixedMav_Top                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_front_top_right                S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Fury_MX_Thruster_FixedMav_Top                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_rear_bottom_left               S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Fury_MX_Thruster_FixedMav_Bottom                            Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_rear_bottom_right              S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Fury_MX_Thruster_FixedMav_Bottom                            Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_rear_side_left                 S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Fury_MX_Thruster_FixedMav                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_rear_side_right                S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Fury_MX_Thruster_FixedMav                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_rear_top_left                  S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Fury_MX_Thruster_FixedMav_Top                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_rear_top_right                 S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Fury_MX_Thruster_FixedMav_Top                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_main_top_left                  S1   MainThruster.JointThruster                        MISC_Fury_Thruster_Main_MX                                       Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_main_top_right                 S1   MainThruster.JointThruster                        MISC_Fury_Thruster_Main_MX                                       Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_main_bottom_left               S1   MainThruster.JointThruster                        MISC_Fury_Thruster_Main_Bottom_MX                                Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_main_bottom_right              S1   MainThruster.JointThruster                        MISC_Fury_Thruster_Main_Bottom_MX                                Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_retro_top_left                 S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_thruster_retro_top_right                S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_thruster_retro_bottom_left              S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_thruster_retro_bottom_right             S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_weapon_top_left                         S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 missile_01_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
hardpoint_weapon_top_right                        S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 missile_01_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
hardpoint_weapon_bottom_left                      S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 missile_01_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
hardpoint_weapon_bottom_right                     S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 missile_01_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
hardpoint_missile_top_left                        S2   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S02_MISC_Fury                                               Missile racks                           
 missile_01_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
hardpoint_missile_top_right                       S2   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S02_MISC_Fury                                               Missile racks                           
 missile_01_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
hardpoint_missile_bottom_left                     S2   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S02_MISC_Fury                                               Missile racks                           
 missile_01_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
hardpoint_missile_bottom_right                    S2   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S02_MISC_Fury                                               Missile racks                           
 missile_01_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
hardpoint_countermeasures_left                    S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            MISC_Fury_CML_Flare                                              Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_countermeasures_right                   S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            MISC_Fury_CML_Chaff                                              Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_personal_inv                            S1   Cargo.UNDEFINED                                   PersonalStorage_MISC_Fury_MX                                     Cargo grids                             
hardpoint_controller_fuel                         S0                                                     Controller_Fuel                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_fuel_port                               S1   DockingCollar.UNDEFINED                           DockingTube_Fuel_Ports_MISC_Fury                                 UNKNOWN                                 
 itemport_vehicle_attach                          S8   NOITEM_Vehicle                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_air_traffic_controller                  S0                                                     MISC_Fury_ShipATCDataManager                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_geo_canopy_side                         S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_door_front                              S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    Door_Ship_Exterior_MISC_Fury_Blastshield                         Doors                                   
hardpoint_weapon_inner_tl                         S2   WeaponGun.Gun                                     MRCK_S02_MISC_Fury_Dual                                          Weapon hardpoints                       
 missile_01_attach                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        Missiles                                
 missile_02_attach                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        DISABLED                                
hardpoint_weapon_inner_tr                         S2   WeaponGun.Gun                                     MRCK_S02_MISC_Fury_Dual                                          Weapon hardpoints                       
 missile_01_attach                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        Missiles                                
 missile_02_attach                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        DISABLED                                
hardpoint_weapon_inner_bl                         S2   WeaponGun.Gun                                     MRCK_S02_MISC_Fury_Dual                                          Weapon hardpoints                       
 missile_01_attach                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        Missiles                                
 missile_02_attach                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        DISABLED                                
hardpoint_weapon_inner_br                         S2   WeaponGun.Gun                                     MRCK_S02_MISC_Fury_Dual                                          Weapon hardpoints                       
 missile_01_attach                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        Missiles                                
 missile_02_attach                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        DISABLED                                
hardpoint_relay_cockpit                           S1   Relay.UNDEFINED                                   RELAY_3slot                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_01                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_02                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_03                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 

