MISC_Starlancer_Max
hardpoint_paint                                   S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_seat_pilot                              S0                                                     MISC_Starlancer_Pilot_Seat                                       UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_pilot_dashboard                    S0                                                     MISC_Starlancer_Pilot_Dashboard                                  UNKNOWN                                 
 radar_helper                                     S1   Display                                           Radar_Display_MISC_Starlancer                                    UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S1                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 Annunciator_left                                 S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_Physical_Holo                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 Annunciator_right                                S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_Physical_Holo                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 rtt_screen_left                                  S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 rtt_screen_right                                 S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 screen_top_left                                  S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD_Holographic_MISC_Starlancer_L                 UNKNOWN                                 
 screen_top_right                                 S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD_Holographic_MISC_Starlancer_R                 UNKNOWN                                 
 radar_helper                                     S0                                                     Radar_Display_MISC_Starlancer                                    DISABLED                                
 Display_HUD                                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 rtt_screen_left                                  S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 rtt_screen_right                                 S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 screen_top_left                                  S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD_Holographic_MISC_Starlancer_L                 DISABLED                                
 screen_top_right                                 S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD_Holographic_MISC_Starlancer_R                 DISABLED                                
 Annunciator_left                                 S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_Physical_Holo                                     DISABLED                                
 Annunciator_right                                S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_Physical_Holo                                     DISABLED                                
hardpoint_seat_pilot_access                       S0                                                     MISC_Starlancer_Seat_Access_Pilot                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_copilot                            S0                                                     MISC_Starlancer_Copilot_Seat                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_copilot_dashboard                  S0                                                     MISC_Starlancer_Copilot_Dashboard                                UNKNOWN                                 
 radar_helper                                     S1   Display                                           Radar_Display_MISC_Starlancer                                    UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S1                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 rtt_screen_left                                  S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 rtt_screen_right                                 S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 rtt_screen_left                                  S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 rtt_screen_right                                 S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 radar_helper                                     S0                                                     Radar_Display_MISC_Starlancer                                    DISABLED                                
hardpoint_seat_copilot_access                     S0                                                     MISC_Starlancer_Seat_Access_Copilot                              UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_support_left                       S0                                                     MISC_Starlancer_Support_Seat                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_support_left_dashboard             S0                                                     MISC_Starlancer_Support_Dashboard                                UNKNOWN                                 
 Radar_Helper                                     S1   Display                                                                                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S1                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 MFD_Centre                                       S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 MFD_Centre                                       S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
hardpoint_seat_support_left_access                S0                                                     MISC_Starlancer_Seat_Access_Support_Left                         UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_support_right                      S0                                                     MISC_Starlancer_Support_Seat                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_support_right_dashboard            S0                                                     MISC_Starlancer_Support_Dashboard                                UNKNOWN                                 
 Radar_Helper                                     S1   Display                                                                                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S1                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 MFD_Centre                                       S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 MFD_Centre                                       S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
hardpoint_seat_support_right_access               S0                                                     MISC_Starlancer_Seat_Access_Support_Right                        UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_door                         S0                                                     Controller_Door                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_light                        S0                                                     Controller_Light                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_energy                       S0                                                     Controller_Energy                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_cooler                       S0                                                     Controller_Cooler                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_comms                        S0                                                     Controller_Comms                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_shield                       S0                                                     Controller_Shield_MISC_Starlancer                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_flight                       S0                                                     Controller_Flight_MISC_Starlancer                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_missile                      S0                                                     Controller_Missile_MISC_Starlancer                               UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_weapon_pilot                 S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_weapon_turret_front          S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_weapon_turret_rear           S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_capacitor_assignment         S0                                                     Controller_CapacitorAssignment                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_self_destruct                           S1   SelfDestruct.UNDEFINED                            VHCL_SelfDestruct_45s                                            Self destruct                           
hardpoint_armour                                  S1   Armor.Medium                                      ARMR_MISC_Starlancer                                             Armor                                   
hardpoint_quantum_fuel_1                          S3   QuantumFuelTank.QuantumFuel                       QTNK_MISC_Starlancer                                             Quantum fuel tanks                      
hardpoint_fuel_1                                  S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_MISC_Starlancer                                             Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_fuel_intake_left                        S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_MISC_Starlancer                                             Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_intake_right                       S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_MISC_Starlancer                                             Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_power_plant_left                        S2   PowerPlant.Power                                  POWR_ACOM_S02_LuxCore_SCItem                                     Power plants                            
hardpoint_power_plant_right                       S2   PowerPlant.Power                                  POWR_ACOM_S02_LuxCore_SCItem                                     Power plants                            
hardpoint_quantum_drive                           S2   QuantumDrive.UNDEFINED                            QDRV_ACAS_S02_SparkFire_SCItem                                   UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_Jump_Drive                             S2   JumpDrive.JumpDrive                               JDRV_TARS_S02_Excelsior_SCItem                                   UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_Jump_Drive                             S2                                                     JDRV_TARS_S02_Excelsior_SCItem                                   DISABLED                                
hardpoint_cooler_left                             S2   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_ACOM_S02_AbsoluteZero_SCItem                                Coolers                                 
hardpoint_cooler_right                            S2   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_ACOM_S02_AbsoluteZero_SCItem                                Coolers                                 
hardpoint_radar                                   S2                                                     RADR_CHCO_S02_Surveyor                                           UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_shield_generator                        S3   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_BASL_S03_Stronghold_SCItem                                  Shield generators                       
hardpoint_weapon_left                             S6   WeaponGun.Gun                                     MISC_Starlancer_Dual_Gimbal                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon_01                              S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                     BEHR_LaserCannon_S4                                              Weapon hardpoints                       
  magazine_attach                                 S0                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_weapon_02                              S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                     BEHR_LaserCannon_S4                                              Weapon hardpoints                       
  magazine_attach                                 S0                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_weapon_01                              S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                     BEHR_LaserCannon_S4                                              Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon_02                              S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                     BEHR_LaserCannon_S4                                              Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_weapon_right                            S6   WeaponGun.Gun                                     MISC_Starlancer_Dual_Gimbal                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon_01                              S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                     BEHR_LaserCannon_S4                                              Weapon hardpoints                       
  magazine_attach                                 S0                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_weapon_02                              S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                     BEHR_LaserCannon_S4                                              Weapon hardpoints                       
  magazine_attach                                 S0                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_weapon_01                              S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                     BEHR_LaserCannon_S4                                              Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon_02                              S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                     BEHR_LaserCannon_S4                                              Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_turret_front                            S4   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           MISC_Starlancer_Remote_Turret                                    Manned turrets                          
 turret_left                                      S4   Turret.GunTurret                                  Mount_Gimbal_S4                                                  Weapon hardpoints                       
  hardpoint_class_2                               S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S4                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 turret_right                                     S4   Turret.GunTurret                                  Mount_Gimbal_S4                                                  Weapon hardpoints                       
  hardpoint_class_2                               S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S4                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 turret_left                                      S4   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           Mount_Gimbal_S4                                                  Manned turrets                          
  hardpoint_class_2                               S4                                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S4                                            DISABLED                                
 turret_right                                     S4   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           Mount_Gimbal_S4                                                  Manned turrets                          
  hardpoint_class_2                               S4                                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S4                                            DISABLED                                
hardpoint_turret_rear                             S4   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           MISC_Starlancer_Remote_Turret_Rear                               Manned turrets                          
 turret_left                                      S4   Turret.GunTurret                                  Mount_Gimbal_S4                                                  Weapon hardpoints                       
  hardpoint_class_2                               S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S4                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 turret_right                                     S4   Turret.GunTurret                                  Mount_Gimbal_S4                                                  Weapon hardpoints                       
  hardpoint_class_2                               S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S4                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 turret_left                                      S4   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           Mount_Gimbal_S4                                                  Manned turrets                          
  hardpoint_class_2                               S4                                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S4                                            DISABLED                                
 turret_right                                     S4   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           Mount_Gimbal_S4                                                  Manned turrets                          
  hardpoint_class_2                               S4                                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S4                                            DISABLED                                
hardpoint_missile_rack_left                       S4   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S04_MISC_Starlancer                                         Missile racks                           
 missile_01_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_EM_FSKI_Thunderbolt                                     Missiles                                
 missile_02_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_EM_FSKI_Thunderbolt                                     Missiles                                
 missile_03_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_EM_FSKI_Thunderbolt                                     Missiles                                
 missile_04_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_EM_FSKI_Thunderbolt                                     Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_EM_FSKI_Thunderbolt                                     DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_EM_FSKI_Thunderbolt                                     DISABLED                                
 missile_03_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_EM_FSKI_Thunderbolt                                     DISABLED                                
 missile_04_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_EM_FSKI_Thunderbolt                                     DISABLED                                
hardpoint_missile_rack_right                      S4   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S04_MISC_Starlancer                                         Missile racks                           
 missile_01_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_EM_FSKI_Thunderbolt                                     Missiles                                
 missile_02_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_EM_FSKI_Thunderbolt                                     Missiles                                
 missile_03_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_EM_FSKI_Thunderbolt                                     Missiles                                
 missile_04_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_EM_FSKI_Thunderbolt                                     Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_EM_FSKI_Thunderbolt                                     DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_EM_FSKI_Thunderbolt                                     DISABLED                                
 missile_03_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_EM_FSKI_Thunderbolt                                     DISABLED                                
 missile_04_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_EM_FSKI_Thunderbolt                                     DISABLED                                
hardpoint_missile_rack_neck                       S4   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S04_MISC_Starlancer                                         Missile racks                           
 missile_01_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_EM_FSKI_Thunderbolt                                     Missiles                                
 missile_02_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_EM_FSKI_Thunderbolt                                     Missiles                                
 missile_03_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_EM_FSKI_Thunderbolt                                     Missiles                                
 missile_04_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_EM_FSKI_Thunderbolt                                     Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_EM_FSKI_Thunderbolt                                     DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_EM_FSKI_Thunderbolt                                     DISABLED                                
 missile_03_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_EM_FSKI_Thunderbolt                                     DISABLED                                
 missile_04_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_EM_FSKI_Thunderbolt                                     DISABLED                                
hardpoint_missile_rack_nose                       S4   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S04_MISC_Starlancer                                         Missile racks                           
 missile_01_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_EM_FSKI_Thunderbolt                                     Missiles                                
 missile_02_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_EM_FSKI_Thunderbolt                                     Missiles                                
 missile_03_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_EM_FSKI_Thunderbolt                                     Missiles                                
 missile_04_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_EM_FSKI_Thunderbolt                                     Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_EM_FSKI_Thunderbolt                                     DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_EM_FSKI_Thunderbolt                                     DISABLED                                
 missile_03_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_EM_FSKI_Thunderbolt                                     DISABLED                                
 missile_04_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_EM_FSKI_Thunderbolt                                     DISABLED                                
hardpoint_countermeasures_left                    S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            MISC_Starlancer_CML_Flare                                        Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_countermeasures_right                   S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            MISC_Starlancer_CML_Chaff                                        Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_ramp                                    S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    Door_RN_RoomConnector_Exterior_MISC_Starlancer_Ramp              Doors                                   
hardpoint_docking_ring                            S1   DockingAnimator.UNDEFINED                         Door_RN_RoomConnector_Docking_Animator_MISC_Starlancer           UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_docking_collar                          S1   DockingCollar.UNDEFINED                           MISC_Starlancer_DockingTube                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 itemport_vehicle_attach                          S8   NOITEM_Vehicle                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_thruster_main_centre                    S6   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        MISC_Starlancer_Thruster_Main                                    Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_main_left                      S6   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        MISC_Starlancer_Thruster_Main_Side                               Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_main_right                     S6   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        MISC_Starlancer_Thruster_Main_Side                               Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_main_left_aux_top              S6   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        MISC_Starlancer_Thruster_Main_Aux                                Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_main_left_aux_bottom           S6   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        MISC_Starlancer_Thruster_Main_Aux                                Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_main_right_aux_top             S6   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        MISC_Starlancer_Thruster_Main_Aux                                Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_main_right_aux_bottom          S6   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        MISC_Starlancer_Thruster_Main_Aux                                Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_retro_left                     S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Starlancer_Thruster_Retro                                   Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_retro_right                    S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Starlancer_Thruster_Retro                                   Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_vtol_FR                        S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Starlancer_Thruster_VTOL                                    VTOL thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_vtol_FL                        S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Starlancer_Thruster_VTOL                                    VTOL thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_vtol_RR                        S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Starlancer_Thruster_VTOL_Small                              VTOL thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_vtol_RL                        S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Starlancer_Thruster_VTOL_Small                              VTOL thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_mav_FTL                        S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Starlancer_Thruster_Mav_Small                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_FTR                        S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Starlancer_Thruster_Mav_Small                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_MTL                        S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Starlancer_Thruster_Mav_Top                                 Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_MTR                        S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Starlancer_Thruster_Mav_Top                                 Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_RTL                        S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Starlancer_Thruster_Mav_Top                                 Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_RTR                        S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Starlancer_Thruster_Mav_Top                                 Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_FSL                        S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Starlancer_Thruster_Mav                                     Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_FSR                        S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Starlancer_Thruster_Mav                                     Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_RSL                        S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Starlancer_Thruster_Mav_Side                                Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_RSR                        S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Starlancer_Thruster_Mav_Side                                Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_FBR                        S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Starlancer_Thruster_Mav_Small_Bottom                        Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_FBL                        S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Starlancer_Thruster_Mav_Small_Bottom                        Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_MBR                        S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Starlancer_Thruster_Mav_Bottom                              Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_MBL                        S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Starlancer_Thruster_Mav_Bottom                              Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_RBR                        S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Starlancer_Thruster_Mav_Bottom                              Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_RBL                        S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Starlancer_Thruster_Mav_Bottom                              Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_controller_fuel                         S0                                                     Controller_Fuel                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_fuel_port                               S0                                                     DockingTube_Fuel_Ports_MISC_Starlancer                           DISABLED                                
hardpoint_air_traffic_controller                  S0                                                     MISC_Hull_C_ShipATCDataManager                                   UNKNOWN                                 
landingpad_helper                                 S1   LandingSystem.UNDEFINED                           Default_LandingSystem                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cargogrid_left                          S1   CargoGrid.UNDEFINED                               MISC_Starlancer_CargoGrid                                        UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cargogrid_right                         S1   CargoGrid.UNDEFINED                               MISC_Starlancer_CargoGrid                                        UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_fuelport_ground                         S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    Door_RN_NoRoomConnector_Breachable_OpenClose_IP_Starlancer_Fuel  Doors                                   
hardpoint_weapon_locker                           S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     Weapon_Rack_MISC_Starlancer                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 $IP_rifle_01                                     S2   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rifle_02                                     S2   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_01                                    S1   WeaponPersonal.Small                                                                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_02                                    S1   WeaponPersonal.Small                                                                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_03                                    S1   WeaponPersonal.Small                                                                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rifle_03                                     S2   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rifle_04                                     S2   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_04                                    S1   WeaponPersonal.Small                                                                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_05                                    S1   WeaponPersonal.Small                                                                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_06                                    S1   WeaponPersonal.Small                                                                                               UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_docking_ring_inner                      S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    Door_RN_RoomConnector_Exterior_MISC_Starlancer_DockInt           Doors                                   
hardpoint_drone_seat                              S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_drone_seat_access                       S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_drone_seat_dashboard                    S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 MFD_Centre                                       S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 MFD_Top                                          S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
hardpoint_engineering_screen                      S0                                                     SoftLock_EngineeringScreen_Template                              DISABLED                                
hardpoint_cargogrid_left_small                    S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_cargogrid_right_small                   S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_relay_rear_left                         S1   Relay.UNDEFINED                                   RELAY_2slot                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_01                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_02                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_relay_rear_right                        S1   Relay.UNDEFINED                                   RELAY_2slot                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_01                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_02                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_relay_bridge                            S1   Relay.UNDEFINED                                   RELAY_2slot                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_01                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_02                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_lifesupport                             S2   LifeSupportGenerator.UNDEFINED                    LFSP_TYDT_S02_ComfortAirPlus                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_01                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_02                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_03                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_thruster_vtol_SL                        S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Starlancer_Thruster_VTOL_Small                              VTOL thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_vtol_SR                        S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Starlancer_Thruster_VTOL_Small                              VTOL thrusters                          
hardpoint_belly                                   S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    Door_RN_RoomConnector_Exterior_MISC_Starlancer_Cargo             Doors                                   
 cargo_grid_l                                     S1   CargoGrid                                         MISC_Starlancer_CargoGrid_Max                                    UNKNOWN                                 
 cargo_grid_r                                     S1   CargoGrid                                         MISC_Starlancer_CargoGrid_Max                                    UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cockpit_flair                           S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_cockpit_flair_hang                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_door_elevator                           S1   UNDEFINED.UNDEFINED                               MISC_Starlancer_Elevator_Exterior_Gate                           UNKNOWN                                 

