MISC_Reliant_Unmanned_Salvage
hardpoint_paint                                   S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_seat_pilot                              S0                                                     MISC_Reliant_SCItem_Seat_Pilot                                   UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_cockpit_radar                          S1   Display                                           Radar_Display_MISC_Reliant                                       UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S1                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_MFD_Outer_Right                           S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD_Holographic_MISC_Reliant_RR                   UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_MFD_Mid_Right                             S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD_Holographic_MISC_Reliant_MR                   UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_MFD_Mid_Left                              S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD_Holographic_MISC_Reliant_ML                   UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_MFD_Outer_Left                            S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD_Holographic_MISC_Reliant_LL                   UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_cockpit_radar                          S0                                                     Radar_Display_MISC_Reliant                                       DISABLED                                
 Display_HUD                                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 Screen_MFD_Outer_Right                           S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD_Holographic_MISC_Reliant_RR                   DISABLED                                
 Screen_MFD_Outer_Left                            S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD_Holographic_MISC_Reliant_LL                   DISABLED                                
 Screen_MFD_Mid_Right                             S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD_Holographic_MISC_Reliant_MR                   DISABLED                                
 Screen_MFD_Mid_Left                              S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD_Holographic_MISC_Reliant_ML                   DISABLED                                
hardpoint_seat_copilot                            S0                                                     MISC_Reliant_SCItem_Seat_CoPilot                                 UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S1                                                     H_Dashboard_Projector_HUD_Generic                                UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_MFD_Center                                S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S0                                                     H_Dashboard_Projector_HUD_Generic                                DISABLED                                
 Screen_MFD_Center                                S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
hardpoint_seat_access                             S0                                                     MISC_Reliant_SCItem_SeatAccess                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_selfdestruct                            S1   SelfDestruct.UNDEFINED                            VHCL_SelfDestruct_30s                                            Self destruct                           
hardpoint_controller_energy                       S0                                                     Controller_Energy                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_power_plant                             S1   PowerPlant.Power                                  POWR_LPLT_S01_IonBurst_SCItem                                    Power plants                            
hardpoint_controller_cooler                       S0                                                     Controller_Cooler                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cooler_left                             S1   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_LPLT_S01_ArcticStorm_SCItem                                 Coolers                                 
hardpoint_cooler_right                            S1   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_LPLT_S01_ArcticStorm_SCItem                                 Coolers                                 
hardpoint_controller_shield                       S0                                                     Controller_Shield_MISC_Reliant                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_shield_generator_left                   S1   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_SECO_S01_WEB_SCItem                                         Shield generators                       
hardpoint_shield_generator_right                  S1   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_SECO_S01_WEB_SCItem                                         Shield generators                       
hardpoint_armor                                   S1   Armor.Medium                                      ARMR_MISC_Reliant                                                Armor                                   
hardpoint_controller_flight                       S0                                                     Controller_Flight_MISC_Reliant_Kore                              UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_radar                                   S1                                                     RADR_WLOP_S01_Capstan                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_light                        S0                                                     Controller_Light                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_scanner                                 S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_ping                                    S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_controller_comms                        S0                                                     Controller_Comms                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_thruster_main_left                      S1   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        MISC_Reliant_Thruster_Main                                       Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_main_right                     S1   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        MISC_Reliant_Thruster_Main                                       Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_LLB                            S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Reliant_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_Main                             Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_LLF                            S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Reliant_Thruster_Retro                                      Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_LLL                            S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Reliant_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_Vertical                         Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_LRB                            S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Reliant_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_Main                             Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_LRF                            S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Reliant_Thruster_Retro                                      Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_LRR                            S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Reliant_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_Vertical                         Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_LLS                            S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Reliant_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_Lateral                          Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_LRS                            S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Reliant_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_Lateral                          Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_ULF                            S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Reliant_Thruster_Retro                                      Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_ULB                            S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Reliant_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_Main                             Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_ULL                            S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Reliant_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_Lateral                          Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_URF                            S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Reliant_Thruster_Retro                                      Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_URR                            S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Reliant_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_Lateral                          Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_URB                            S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Reliant_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_Main                             Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_ULS                            S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Reliant_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_Vertical                         Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_URS                            S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Reliant_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_Vertical                         Maneuvering thrusters                   
landingpad_helper                                 S1   LandingSystem.UNDEFINED                           Default_LandingSystem                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_fuel_intake_left                        S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_MISC_Reliant_Kore                                           Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_intake_right                       S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_MISC_Reliant_Kore                                           Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_tank_left                          S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_MISC_Reliant_Kore                                           Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_fuel_tank_right                         S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_MISC_Reliant_Kore                                           Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_quantum_drive                           S1   QuantumDrive.UNDEFINED                            QDRV_ARCC_S01_Rush_SCItem                                        UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_Jump_Drive                             S1   JumpDrive.JumpDrive                               JDRV_TARS_S01_Explorer_SCItem                                    UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_jump_drive                             S1                                                     JDRV_TARS_S01_Explorer_SCItem                                    DISABLED                                
hardpoint_quantum_fuel_tank                       S1   QuantumFuelTank.QuantumFuel                       QTNK_MISC_Reliant_Kore                                           Quantum fuel tanks                      
hardpoint_cargogrid_left                          S1   CargoGrid.UNDEFINED                               MISC_Reliant_CargoGrid_Kore                                      UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cargogrid_right                         S1   CargoGrid.UNDEFINED                               MISC_Reliant_CargoGrid_Kore                                      UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_door                         S0                                                     Controller_Door                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_door_ramp                               S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    Door_RN_RoomConnector_Breachable_OpenClose_IP_Reliant            Doors                                   
hardpoint_controller_weapon                       S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_weapon_copilot               S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
Hardpoint_Weapon_Wing_S1_Left                     S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
Hardpoint_Weapon_Wing_S1_Right                    S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
Hardpoint_Weapon_Wing_Tip_S3_Left                 S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 turret_right                                     S0   TurretBase.MannedTurret                                                                                            Manned turrets                          
 turret_left                                      S0   TurretBase.MannedTurret                                                                                            Manned turrets                          
Hardpoint_Weapon_Wing_Tip_S3_Right                S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon_s2                              S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_left_wing_missile_launcher              S5   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MISC_Reliant_Missile_Cap_Left                                    Missile racks                           
hardpoint_right_wing_missile_launcher             S5   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MISC_Reliant_Missile_Cap_Right                                   Missile racks                           
hardpoint_missilerack_wing_left                   S3   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S03_BEHR_Dual_S02                                           Missile racks                           
 missile_01_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          Missiles                                
 missile_02_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
hardpoint_missilerack_wing_right                  S3   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S03_BEHR_Dual_S02                                           Missile racks                           
 missile_01_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          Missiles                                
 missile_02_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
hardpoint_countermeasure_launcher_left            S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            MISC_Reliant_CML_Flare                                           Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_countermeasure_launcher_right           S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            MISC_Reliant_CML_Chaff                                           Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_controller_missile                      S0                                                     Controller_Missile                                               UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_capacitor_assignment         S0                                                     Controller_CapacitorAssignment                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_fuel                         S0                                                     Controller_Fuel                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_fuel_port                               S1   DockingCollar.UNDEFINED                           DockingTube_Fuel_Ports_MISC_Reliant                              UNKNOWN                                 
 itemport_vehicle_attach                          S8   NOITEM_Vehicle                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_air_traffic_controller                  S0                                                     MISC_Reliant_ShipATCDataManager                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_salvage                      S0                                                     Controller_Salvage_TractorBeamOnly                               Utility hardpoints                      
hardpoint_relay_cockpit                           S1   Relay.UNDEFINED                                   RELAY_2slot                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_01                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_02                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_lifesupport                             S1   LifeSupportGenerator.UNDEFINED                    LFSP_TYDT_S01_ComfortAir                                         UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_01                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_02                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_03                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 

