MISC_Razor
hardpoint_paint                                   S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_seat_pilot                              S0                                                     MISC_Razor_Seat_Pilot                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_access                             S0                                                     MISC_Razor_SeatAccess                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_dashboard_pilot                         S0                                                     MISC_Razor_Dashboard_Pilot                                       UNKNOWN                                 
 UI_Radar                                         S1   Display                                                                                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S1                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 screen_mfd_mid                                   S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 screen_support_upper_left                        S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD_Holographic_MISC_Razor_L                      UNKNOWN                                 
 screen_support_upper_right                       S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD_Holographic_MISC_Razor_R                      UNKNOWN                                 
 screen_annunciator_left                          S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_Physical_Holo                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 screen_annunciator_right                         S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_Physical_Holo                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 UI_Radar                                         S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 Display_HUD                                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 screen_mfd_mid                                   S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 screen_support_upper_left                        S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD_Holographic_MISC_Razor_L                      DISABLED                                
 screen_support_upper_right                       S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD_Holographic_MISC_Razor_R                      DISABLED                                
 screen_annunciator_left                          S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_Physical_Holo                                     DISABLED                                
 screen_annunciator_right                         S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_Physical_Holo                                     DISABLED                                
hardpoint_controller_door                         S0                                                     Controller_Door                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_selfdestruct                            S1   SelfDestruct.UNDEFINED                            VHCL_SelfDestruct_10s                                            Self destruct                           
hardpoint_controller_flight                       S0                                                     Controller_Flight_MISC_Razor                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_light                        S0                                                     Controller_Light                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_comms                        S0                                                     Controller_Comms                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_radar                                   S1                                                     RADR_NAVE_S01_SNSR6                                              UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_scanner                                 S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_ping                                    S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_controller_energy                       S0                                                     Controller_Energy                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_powerplant                              S1   PowerPlant.Power                                  POWR_ACOM_S01_StarHeart_SCItem                                   Power plants                            
hardpoint_controller_cooler                       S0                                                     Controller_Cooler                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cooler_left                             S1   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_ACOM_S01_IcePlunge_SCItem                                   Coolers                                 
hardpoint_cooler_right                            S1   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_ACOM_S01_IcePlunge_SCItem                                   Coolers                                 
hardpoint_fuel_tank                               S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_MISC_Razor                                                  Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_fuel_intake_left                        S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_MISC_Razor                                                  Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_intake_right                       S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_MISC_Razor                                                  Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_quantum_drive                           S1   QuantumDrive.UNDEFINED                            QDRV_ACAS_S01_LightFire_SCItem                                   UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_Jump_Drive                             S1   JumpDrive.JumpDrive                               JDRV_TARS_S01_Explorer_SCItem                                    UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_jump_drive                             S1                                                     JDRV_TARS_S01_Explorer_SCItem                                    DISABLED                                
hardpoint_quantum_fuel_tank                       S1   QuantumFuelTank.QuantumFuel                       QTNK_MISC_Razor                                                  Quantum fuel tanks                      
hardpoint_controller_shield                       S0                                                     Controller_Shield_MISC_Razor                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_shield_generator_left                   S1   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_YORM_S01_Targa_SCItem                                       Shield generators                       
hardpoint_armour                                  S1   Armor.Medium                                      ARMR_MISC_Razor                                                  Armor                                   
hardpoint_engine_left                             S1   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        MISC_Razor_Thruster_Main                                         Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_engine_right                            S1   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        MISC_Razor_Thruster_Main                                         Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_FL_top                         S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Razor_Thruster_Vertical_Top                                 Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_FL_side                        S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Razor_Thruster_Lateral                                      Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_FL_bottom                      S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Razor_Thruster_Vertical_Bottom                              Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_RL_top                         S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Razor_Thruster_Vertical_Top                                 Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_RL_side                        S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Razor_Thruster_Lateral                                      Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_RL_bottom                      S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Razor_Thruster_Vertical_Bottom                              Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_FR_top                         S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Razor_Thruster_Vertical_Top                                 Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_FR_side                        S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Razor_Thruster_Lateral                                      Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_FR_bottom                      S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Razor_Thruster_Vertical_Bottom                              Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_RR_top                         S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Razor_Thruster_Vertical_Top                                 Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_RR_side                        S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Razor_Thruster_Lateral                                      Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_RR_bottom                      S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Razor_Thruster_Vertical_Bottom                              Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_retro_left                     S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Razor_Thruster_Retro                                        Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_retro_right                    S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Razor_Thruster_Retro                                        Retro thrusters                         
landingpad_helper                                 S1   LandingSystem.UNDEFINED                           Default_LandingSystem                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_weapon                       S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_weapon_left                             S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_weapon_right                            S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_weapon_missilerack_left                 S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     MRCK_S01_BEHR_Single_S01                                         Weapon hardpoints                       
 missile_01_attach                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        DISABLED                                
hardpoint_weapon_missilerack_right                S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     MRCK_S01_BEHR_Single_S01                                         Weapon hardpoints                       
 missile_01_attach                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        DISABLED                                
hardpoint_countermeasures_left                    S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            MISC_Razor_CML_Flare                                             Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_countermeasures_right                   S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            MISC_Razor_CML_Chaff                                             Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_controller_missile                      S0                                                     Controller_Missile                                               UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_capacitor_assignment         S0                                                     Controller_CapacitorAssignment                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_fuel                         S0                                                     Controller_Fuel                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_fuel_port                               S1   DockingCollar.UNDEFINED                           DockingTube_Fuel_Ports_MISC_Razor                                UNKNOWN                                 
 itemport_vehicle_attach                          S8   NOITEM_Vehicle                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_air_traffic_controller                  S0                                                     MISC_Razor_ShipATCDataManager                                    UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_relay_cockpit                           S1   Relay.UNDEFINED                                   RELAY_2slot                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_01                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_02                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_lifesupport                             S1   LifeSupportGenerator.UNDEFINED                    LFSP_TYDT_S01_ComfortAir                                         UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_01                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_02                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_03                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 

