MISC_Prospector_Unmanned_Salvage
hardpoint_paint                                   S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_seat_pilot                              S0                                                     MISC_Prospector_SCItem_Seat                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_Radar                                     S1   Display                                           Radar_Display_MISC_Prospector                                    UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S1                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_Support_Right                             S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD_Holographic_MISC_Prospector_MR                UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_Support_Left                              S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD_Holographic_MISC_Prospector_ML                UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_MFD_Lower_Right                           S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD_Holographic_MISC_Prospector_RR                UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_MFD_Lower_Left                            S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD_Holographic_MISC_Prospector_LL                UNKNOWN                                 
 Annunciator_left                                 S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_Physical_Holo                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 Annunciator_right                                S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_Physical_Holo                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_Radar                                     S0                                                     Radar_Display_MISC_Prospector                                    DISABLED                                
 Display_HUD                                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 Screen_Support_Right                             S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD_Holographic_MISC_Prospector_MR                DISABLED                                
 Screen_Support_Left                              S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD_Holographic_MISC_Prospector_ML                DISABLED                                
 Screen_MFD_Lower_Right                           S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD_Holographic_MISC_Prospector_RR                DISABLED                                
 Screen_MFD_Lower_Left                            S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD_Holographic_MISC_Prospector_LL                DISABLED                                
 Annunciator_left                                 S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_Physical_Holo                                     DISABLED                                
 Annunciator_right                                S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_Physical_Holo                                     DISABLED                                
hardpoint_seat_access                             S0                                                     MISC_Prospector_SCItem_SeatAccess                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_comms                        S0                                                     Controller_Comms                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cockpit_radar                           S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
bed_helper                                        S1   Usable.UNDEFINED                                  Bed_Simple_Prospector                                            Usables                                 
 Pillow                                           S2                                                     Bed_Pillow_Template                                              UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_selfdestruct                            S1   SelfDestruct.UNDEFINED                            VHCL_SelfDestruct_30s                                            Self destruct                           
hardpoint_controller_door                         S0                                                     Controller_Door                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_door_rear                               S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    Door_Ship_Ext_Dmg_MISC_Prospector_Rear                           Doors                                   
hardpoint_radar                                   S1                                                     RADR_CHCO_S01_SurveyorLite                                       UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_flight                       S0                                                     Controller_Flight_MISC_Prospector                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_scanner                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_ping                                    S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_power_plant                             S2   PowerPlant.Power                                  POWR_JUST_S02_Trommel_SCItem                                     Power plants                            
hardpoint_controller_energy                       S0                                                     Controller_Energy                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_light                        S0                                                     Controller_Light                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_fuel_tank                               S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_MISC_Prospector                                             Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_fuel_intake                             S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_MISC_Prospector                                             Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_cooler                                  S2   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_JUST_S02_Snowfall_SCItem                                    Coolers                                 
hardpoint_controller_cooler                       S0                                                     Controller_Cooler                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_quantum_drive                           S1   QuantumDrive.UNDEFINED                            QDRV_JUST_S01_Goliath_SCItem                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_Jump_Drive                             S1   JumpDrive.JumpDrive                               JDRV_TARS_S01_Explorer_SCItem                                    UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_jump_drive                             S1                                                     JDRV_TARS_S01_Explorer_SCItem                                    DISABLED                                
hardpoint_quantum_fuel_tank                       S1   QuantumFuelTank.QuantumFuel                       QTNK_MISC_Prospector                                             Quantum fuel tanks                      
hardpoint_mining_arm                              S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 hardpoint_mining_laser                           S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_shield_generator                        S1   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_BASL_S01_Bulwark_SCItem                                     Shield generators                       
hardpoint_controller_shield                       S0                                                     Controller_Shield_MISC_Prospector                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_armour                                  S1   Armor.Medium                                      ARMR_MISC_Prospector                                             Armor                                   
hardpoint_thruster_main_rear_middle               S3   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        MISC_Prospector_Thruster_Main                                    Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_main_rear_right                S3   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        MISC_Prospector_Thruster_Aux                                     Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_main_rear_left                 S3   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        MISC_Prospector_Thruster_Aux                                     Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_retro_left                     S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Prospector_Thruster_Retro_01                                Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_retro_right                    S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Prospector_Thruster_Retro_01                                Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_retro_top                      S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Prospector_Thruster_Retro_02                                Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_front_left_bottom              S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Prospector_Thruster_Mav_FIxed_02                            Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_front_right_bottom             S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Prospector_Thruster_Mav_FIxed_02                            Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_front_right_side               S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Prospector_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_01                            Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_front_left_side                S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Prospector_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_01                            Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_front_left_top                 S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Prospector_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_01_Top                        Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_front_right_top                S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Prospector_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_01_Top                        Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_rear_left_top                  S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Prospector_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_03_Top                        Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_rear_right_top                 S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Prospector_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_03_Top                        Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_rear_right_bottom              S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Prospector_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_03                            Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_rear_left_bottom               S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Prospector_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_03                            Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_rear_left_side                 S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Prospector_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_04                            Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_rear_right_side                S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Prospector_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_04                            Maneuvering thrusters                   
landingpad_helper                                 S1   LandingSystem.UNDEFINED                           Default_LandingSystem                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_weapon                       S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_mining                       S0                                                     Controller_Mining                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_weapon_left                             S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_weapon_right                            S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_countermeasure_launcher_left            S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            MISC_Prospector_CML_Flare                                        Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_countermeasure_launcher_right           S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            MISC_Prospector_CML_Chaff                                        Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_mining_pod_1                            S1   Container.Cargo                                   Cargo_Mining_Pod                                                 Cargo containers                        
hardpoint_mining_pod_2                            S1   Container.Cargo                                   Cargo_Mining_Pod                                                 Cargo containers                        
hardpoint_mining_pod_3                            S1   Container.Cargo                                   Cargo_Mining_Pod                                                 Cargo containers                        
hardpoint_mining_pod_4                            S1   Container.Cargo                                   Cargo_Mining_Pod                                                 Cargo containers                        
hardpoint_controller_missile                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_controller_capacitor_assignment         S0                                                     Controller_CapacitorAssignment                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_fuel                         S0                                                     Controller_Fuel                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_fuel_port                               S1   DockingCollar.UNDEFINED                           DockingTube_Fuel_Ports_MISC_Prospector                           UNKNOWN                                 
 itemport_vehicle_attach                          S8   NOITEM_Vehicle                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_air_traffic_controller                  S0                                                     MISC_Prospector_ShipATCDataManager                               UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cockpit_flair_hang                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_shield_generator_B                      S1   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_BASL_S01_Bulwark_SCItem                                     Shield generators                       
hardpoint_shield_generator_C                      S1   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_BASL_S01_Bulwark_SCItem                                     Shield generators                       
hardpoint_relay_cockpit                           S1   Relay.UNDEFINED                                   RELAY_2slot                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_01                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_02                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_lifesupport                             S1   LifeSupportGenerator.UNDEFINED                    LFSP_TYDT_S01_ComfortAir                                         UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_01                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_02                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_03                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 

