MISC_Hull_C
hardpoint_paint                                   S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_seat_pilot                              S0                                                     MISC_Hull_C_SCItem_Pilot_Seat                                    UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_copilot                            S0                                                     MISC_Hull_C_SCItem_Copilot_Seat                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_captain                            S0                                                     MISC_Hull_C_SCItem_Seat_Captain                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_crane                              S0                                                     MISC_Hull_C_SCItem_Tractor_Seat                                  Utility hardpoints                      
hardpoint_seat_access                             S0                                                     MISC_Hull_C_SCItem_SeatAccess                                    UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_dashboard_pilot                         S0                                                     MISC_Hull_C_Dashboard_Pilot                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 radar_helper                                     S2   Display                                           Radar_Display_MISC_Hull_C                                        UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S1                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 screen_top_right                                 S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD_Holographic_MISC_Hull_C_R                     UNKNOWN                                 
 screen_top_left                                  S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD_Holographic_MISC_Hull_C_L                     UNKNOWN                                 
 screen_secondary_1                               S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 screen_secondary_2                               S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 Annunciator_left                                 S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_Physical_Holo                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 Annunciator_right                                S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_Physical_Holo                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 radar_helper                                     S0                                                     Radar_Display_MISC_Hull_C                                        DISABLED                                
 Display_HUD                                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 screen_top_right                                 S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD_Holographic_MISC_Hull_C_R                     DISABLED                                
 screen_top_left                                  S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD_Holographic_MISC_Hull_C_L                     DISABLED                                
 screen_secondary_1                               S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 screen_secondary_2                               S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 Annunciator_right                                S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_Physical_Holo                                     DISABLED                                
 Annunciator_left                                 S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_Physical_Holo                                     DISABLED                                
hardpoint_dashboard_copilot                       S0                                                     MISC_Hull_C_Dashboard_CoPilot                                    UNKNOWN                                 
 CoPilot_Screen_MFD_Right                         S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 CoPilot_Screen_MFD_Left                          S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 MFD_Central_Co-Pilot                             S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD_Holographic_MISC_Hull_C_M                     UNKNOWN                                 
 MFD_Central_Co-Pilot                             S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD_Holographic_MISC_Hull_C_M                     DISABLED                                
 CoPilot_Screen_MFD_Right                         S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 CoPilot_Screen_MFD_Left                          S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
hardpoint_dashboard_captain                       S0                                                     MISC_Hull_C_Dashboard_Captain                                    UNKNOWN                                 
 MFD_Right                                        S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD_Holographic                                   UNKNOWN                                 
 MFD_Left                                         S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD_Holographic                                   UNKNOWN                                 
 MFD_Right                                        S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD_Holographic                                   DISABLED                                
 MFD_Left                                         S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD_Holographic                                   DISABLED                                
hardpoint_dashboard_crane                         S0                                                     MISC_Hull_C_Dashboard_Tractor                                    Utility hardpoints                      
 MFD_Central_TractorBeam                          S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               Utility hardpoints                      
 MFD_Central_TractorBeam                          S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
hardpoint_dashboard_engineer                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_controller_flight                       S0                                                     Controller_Flight_MISC_Hull_C                                    UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_light                        S0                                                     Controller_Light                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_energy                       S0                                                     Controller_Energy                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_cooler                       S0                                                     Controller_Cooler                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_shield                       S0                                                     Controller_Shield_MISC_Hull_C                                    UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_weapon                       S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_target_selector_pilot                   S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_cockpit_selfdestruct                    S1   SelfDestruct.UNDEFINED                            VHCL_SelfDestruct_60s                                            Self destruct                           
hardpoint_radar                                   S2                                                     RADR_CHCO_S02_Surveyor                                           UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_fuel_tank01                             S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_MISC_Hull_C                                                 Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_fuel_tank02                             S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_MISC_Hull_C                                                 Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_fuel_intake01                           S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_MISC_Hull_C                                                 Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_intake02                           S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_MISC_Hull_C                                                 Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_quantum_fuel                            S3   QuantumFuelTank.QuantumFuel                       QTNK_MISC_Hull_C                                                 Quantum fuel tanks                      
hardpoint_shield_generator01                      S3   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_BASL_S03_Stronghold_SCItem                                  Shield generators                       
hardpoint_cargo_strut_1                           S1   Cargo.UNDEFINED                                   MISC_Hull_C_FoldingStrut_1A                                      Cargo grids                             
 Hardpoint_Cargo                                  S1   CargoGrid                                         MISC_Hull_C_CargoGrid                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 Hardpoint_Cargo                                  S0                                                     MISC_Hull_C_CargoGrid                                            DISABLED                                
hardpoint_cargo_strut_2                           S1   Cargo.UNDEFINED                                   MISC_Hull_C_FoldingStrut_1B                                      Cargo grids                             
 Hardpoint_Cargo                                  S1   CargoGrid                                         MISC_Hull_C_CargoGrid                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 Hardpoint_Cargo                                  S0                                                     MISC_Hull_C_CargoGrid                                            DISABLED                                
hardpoint_cargo_strut_3                           S1   Cargo.UNDEFINED                                   MISC_Hull_C_FoldingStrut_1C                                      Cargo grids                             
 Hardpoint_Cargo                                  S1   CargoGrid                                         MISC_Hull_C_CargoGrid                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 Hardpoint_Cargo                                  S0                                                     MISC_Hull_C_CargoGrid                                            DISABLED                                
hardpoint_cargo_strut_4                           S1   Cargo.UNDEFINED                                   MISC_Hull_C_FoldingStrut_1D                                      Cargo grids                             
 Hardpoint_Cargo                                  S1   CargoGrid                                         MISC_Hull_C_CargoGrid                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 Hardpoint_Cargo                                  S0                                                     MISC_Hull_C_CargoGrid                                            DISABLED                                
hardpoint_cargo_strut_5                           S1   Cargo.UNDEFINED                                   MISC_Hull_C_FoldingStrut_2A                                      Cargo grids                             
 Hardpoint_Cargo                                  S1   CargoGrid                                         MISC_Hull_C_CargoGrid                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 Hardpoint_Cargo                                  S0                                                     MISC_Hull_C_CargoGrid                                            DISABLED                                
hardpoint_cargo_strut_6                           S1   Cargo.UNDEFINED                                   MISC_Hull_C_FoldingStrut_2B                                      Cargo grids                             
 Hardpoint_Cargo                                  S1   CargoGrid                                         MISC_Hull_C_CargoGrid                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 Hardpoint_Cargo                                  S0                                                     MISC_Hull_C_CargoGrid                                            DISABLED                                
hardpoint_cargo_strut_7                           S1   Cargo.UNDEFINED                                   MISC_Hull_C_FoldingStrut_2C                                      Cargo grids                             
 Hardpoint_Cargo                                  S1   CargoGrid                                         MISC_Hull_C_CargoGrid                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 Hardpoint_Cargo                                  S0                                                     MISC_Hull_C_CargoGrid                                            DISABLED                                
hardpoint_cargo_strut_8                           S1   Cargo.UNDEFINED                                   MISC_Hull_C_FoldingStrut_2D                                      Cargo grids                             
 Hardpoint_Cargo                                  S1   CargoGrid                                         MISC_Hull_C_CargoGrid                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 Hardpoint_Cargo                                  S0                                                     MISC_Hull_C_CargoGrid                                            DISABLED                                
hardpoint_cargo_strut_outer_1                     S1   Cargo.UNDEFINED                                   MISC_Hull_C_FoldingStrut_1A_Outer                                Cargo grids                             
 Hardpoint_Cargo2                                 S1   CargoGrid                                         MISC_Hull_C_CargoGrid_Outer                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 Hardpoint_Cargo2                                 S0                                                     MISC_Hull_C_CargoGrid_Outer                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_cargo_strut_outer_2                     S1   Cargo.UNDEFINED                                   MISC_Hull_C_FoldingStrut_1B_Outer                                Cargo grids                             
 Hardpoint_Cargo2                                 S1   CargoGrid                                         MISC_Hull_C_CargoGrid_Outer                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 Hardpoint_Cargo2                                 S0                                                     MISC_Hull_C_CargoGrid_Outer                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_cargo_strut_outer_3                     S1   Cargo.UNDEFINED                                   MISC_Hull_C_FoldingStrut_1C_Outer                                Cargo grids                             
 Hardpoint_Cargo2                                 S1   CargoGrid                                         MISC_Hull_C_CargoGrid_Outer                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 Hardpoint_Cargo2                                 S0                                                     MISC_Hull_C_CargoGrid_Outer                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_cargo_strut_outer_4                     S1   Cargo.UNDEFINED                                   MISC_Hull_C_FoldingStrut_1D_Outer                                Cargo grids                             
 Hardpoint_Cargo2                                 S1   CargoGrid                                         MISC_Hull_C_CargoGrid_Outer                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 Hardpoint_Cargo2                                 S0                                                     MISC_Hull_C_CargoGrid_Outer                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_cargo_strut_outer_5                     S1   Cargo.UNDEFINED                                   MISC_Hull_C_FoldingStrut_2A_Outer                                Cargo grids                             
 Hardpoint_Cargo2                                 S1   CargoGrid                                         MISC_Hull_C_CargoGrid_Outer                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 Hardpoint_Cargo2                                 S0                                                     MISC_Hull_C_CargoGrid_Outer                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_cargo_strut_outer_6                     S1   Cargo.UNDEFINED                                   MISC_Hull_C_FoldingStrut_2B_Outer                                Cargo grids                             
 Hardpoint_Cargo2                                 S1   CargoGrid                                         MISC_Hull_C_CargoGrid_Outer                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 Hardpoint_Cargo2                                 S0                                                     MISC_Hull_C_CargoGrid_Outer                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_cargo_strut_outer_7                     S1   Cargo.UNDEFINED                                   MISC_Hull_C_FoldingStrut_2C_Outer                                Cargo grids                             
 Hardpoint_Cargo2                                 S1   CargoGrid                                         MISC_Hull_C_CargoGrid_Outer                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 Hardpoint_Cargo2                                 S0                                                     MISC_Hull_C_CargoGrid_Outer                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_cargo_strut_outer_8                     S1   Cargo.UNDEFINED                                   MISC_Hull_C_FoldingStrut_2D_Outer                                Cargo grids                             
 Hardpoint_Cargo2                                 S1   CargoGrid                                         MISC_Hull_C_CargoGrid_Outer                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 Hardpoint_Cargo2                                 S0                                                     MISC_Hull_C_CargoGrid_Outer                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_thruster_main_top_left                  S6   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        MISC_Hull_C_Thruster_Main                                        Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_main_bottom_left               S6   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        MISC_Hull_C_Thruster_Main                                        Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_main_top_middle                S6   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        MISC_Hull_C_Thruster_Main                                        Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_main_bottom_middle             S6   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        MISC_Hull_C_Thruster_Main                                        Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_main_top_right                 S6   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        MISC_Hull_C_Thruster_Main                                        Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_main_bottom_right              S6   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        MISC_Hull_C_Thruster_Main                                        Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_top_front_left                 S3   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   MISC_Hull_C_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_Small_Top                         Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_bottom_front_left              S3   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   MISC_Hull_C_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_Small                             Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_top_front_right                S3   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   MISC_Hull_C_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_Small_Top                         Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_bottom_front_right             S3   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   MISC_Hull_C_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_Small                             Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_side_front_left                S3   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   MISC_Hull_C_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_Quad                              Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_side_front_right               S3   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   MISC_Hull_C_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_Quad                              Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_retro_top_left                 S3   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Hull_C_Thruster_Retro                                       Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_retro_top_right                S3   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Hull_C_Thruster_Retro                                       Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_retro_bottom_left              S3   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Hull_C_Thruster_Retro_Small                                 Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_retro_bottom_right             S3   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Hull_C_Thruster_Retro_Small                                 Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_top_rear_left                  S3   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   MISC_Hull_C_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_Top                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_side_rear_left                 S3   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   MISC_Hull_C_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_bottom_rear_left               S3   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   MISC_Hull_C_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_Bottom                            Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_top_rear_right                 S3   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   MISC_Hull_C_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_Top                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_side_rear_right                S3   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   MISC_Hull_C_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_bottom_rear_right              S3   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   MISC_Hull_C_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_Bottom                            Maneuvering thrusters                   
landingpad_helper                                 S1   LandingSystem.UNDEFINED                           Default_LandingSystem                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_CML_Rear_1                              S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            MISC_Hull_C_CML_Flare                                            Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_CML_Rear_2                              S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            MISC_Hull_C_CML_Chaff                                            Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_CentralWalkway                          S1   Misc.UNDEFINED                                    MISC_Hull_C_CentralWalkway                                       UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_CentralWalkway_PHYSICS                  S1   Misc.UNDEFINED                                    MISC_Hull_C_CentralWalkway_PHYSICS                               UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_capacitor_assignment         S0                                                     Controller_CapacitorAssignment                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_fuel                         S0                                                     Controller_Fuel                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_fuel_port                               S1   DockingCollar.UNDEFINED                           DockingTube_Fuel_Ports_MISC_Hull_C                               UNKNOWN                                 
 itemport_vehicle_attach                          S8   NOITEM_Vehicle                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_air_traffic_controller                  S0                                                     MISC_Hull_C_ShipATCDataManager                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_body_int_rear                           S4   Room.UNDEFINED                                    MISC_Hull_C_Int_Rear                                             Rooms                                   
 hardpoint_rear_cooler_01                         S3   Cooler                                            COOL_AEGS_S03_Blizzard_SCItem                                    Coolers                                 
 hardpoint_rear_cooler_02                         S3   Cooler                                            COOL_AEGS_S03_Blizzard_SCItem                                    Coolers                                 
 hardpoint_rear_power_plant                       S3   PowerPlant                                        POWR_AEGS_S03_Centurion_SCItem                                   Power plants                            
 hardpoint_rear_shield_generator02                S3   Shield                                            SHLD_BASL_S03_Stronghold_SCItem                                  Shield generators                       
 hardpoint_rear_quantum_drive                     S3   QuantumDrive.QDrive                               QDRV_JUST_S03_Kama_SCItem                                        Quantum drives                          
  hardpoint_Jump_Drive                            S3   JumpDrive.JumpDrive                               JDRV_TARS_S03_Exodus_SCItem                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_rear_extinguisher_rear1                S1   Usable                                                                                                             Usables                                 
 hardpoint_rear_extinguisher_rear2                S1   Usable                                                                                                             Usables                                 
 hardpoint_rear_extinguisher_rear3                S1   Usable                                                                                                             Usables                                 
 hardpoint_rear_battery                           S0   Battery                                                                                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_door_airlock_rear                      S1   Door                                              Door_Ship_Exterior_Hull_C_Rear_Airlock                           Doors                                   
 hardpoint_rear_cooler_01                         S3   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_AEGS_S03_Blizzard_SCItem                                    Coolers                                 
 hardpoint_rear_cooler_02                         S3   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_AEGS_S03_Blizzard_SCItem                                    Coolers                                 
 hardpoint_rear_power_plant                       S3                                                     POWR_AEGS_S03_Centurion_SCItem                                   DISABLED                                
 hardpoint_rear_shield_generator02                S3   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_BASL_S03_Stronghold_SCItem                                  Shield generators                       
 hardpoint_rear_quantum_drive                     S3                                                     QDRV_JUST_S03_Kama_SCItem                                        DISABLED                                
  hardpoint_jump_drive                            S3                                                     JDRV_TARS_S03_Exodus_SCItem                                      DISABLED                                
 hardpoint_rear_extinguisher_rear1                S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 hardpoint_rear_extinguisher_rear2                S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 hardpoint_rear_extinguisher_rear3                S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 hardpoint_rear_battery                           S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 hardpoint_rear_seat_engineer                     S0                                                     MISC_Hull_C_Engineer_Console                                     DISABLED                                
 hardpoint_rear_seat_access_engineer              S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 hardpoint_door_airlock_rear                      S0                                                     Door_Ship_Exterior_Hull_C_Rear_Airlock                           DISABLED                                
hardpoint_turret_front_top                        S0   TurretBase.MannedTurret                                                                                            Manned turrets                          
 turret_left                                      S0   TurretBase.MannedTurret                                                                                            Manned turrets                          
  hardpoint_class_2                               S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 turret_right                                     S0   TurretBase.MannedTurret                                                                                            Manned turrets                          
  hardpoint_class_2                               S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_turret_rear_top                         S0   TurretBase.MannedTurret                                                                                            Manned turrets                          
 turret_left                                      S0   TurretBase.MannedTurret                                                                                            Manned turrets                          
  hardpoint_class_2                               S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 turret_right                                     S0   TurretBase.MannedTurret                                                                                            Manned turrets                          
  hardpoint_class_2                               S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_turret_nose                             S0   TurretBase.MannedTurret                                                                                            Manned turrets                          
 hardpoint_left                                   S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 hardpoint_right                                  S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_controller_turret_front                 S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_turret_rear                  S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_CML_Front_1                             S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_CML_Front_2                             S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_turret_tractor_beam_top_front           S0   TurretBase.MannedTurret                                                                                            Utility hardpoints                      
 turret_left                                      S0   TurretBase.MannedTurret                                                                                            Manned turrets                          
hardpoint_salvage_controller_turret_tractor       S0                                                     Controller_Salvage_TractorBeamOnly                               Utility hardpoints                      
hardpoint_aimable_controller_turret_tractor       S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_turret_tractor_beam_bottom_front        S0   TurretBase.MannedTurret                                                                                            Utility hardpoints                      
 turret_left                                      S0   TurretBase.MannedTurret                                                                                            Manned turrets                          
hardpoint_turret_tractor_beam_top_rear            S0   TurretBase.MannedTurret                                                                                            Utility hardpoints                      
 turret_left                                      S0   TurretBase.MannedTurret                                                                                            Manned turrets                          
hardpoint_turret_tractor_beam_bottom_rear         S0   TurretBase.MannedTurret                                                                                            Utility hardpoints                      
 turret_left                                      S0   TurretBase.MannedTurret                                                                                            Manned turrets                          
hardpoint_docking_collar                          S1   DockingCollar.UNDEFINED                           MISC_Hull_C_DockingTube                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 itemport_vehicle_attach                          S8   NOITEM_Vehicle                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_airlock_door                            S1   DockingAnimator.UNDEFINED                         Door_Ship_Exterior_MISC_Hull_C_Airlock                           UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_thruster_vtol_inner_front_left          S3   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   MISC_Hull_C_Thruster_VTOL_Front                                  VTOL thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_vtol_outer_front_left          S3   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   MISC_Hull_C_Thruster_VTOL_Front                                  VTOL thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_vtol_inner_front_right         S3   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   MISC_Hull_C_Thruster_VTOL_Front                                  VTOL thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_vtol_outer_front_right         S3   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   MISC_Hull_C_Thruster_VTOL_Front                                  VTOL thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_bottom_mid_left                S3   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   MISC_Hull_C_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_Small                             Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_top_mid_left                   S3   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   MISC_Hull_C_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_Small_Top                         Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_top_mid_right                  S3   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   MISC_Hull_C_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_Small_Top                         Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_bottom_mid_right               S3   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   MISC_Hull_C_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_Small                             Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_vtol_inner_rear_left           S3   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   MISC_Hull_C_Thruster_VTOL_Rear                                   VTOL thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_vtol_outer_rear_left           S3   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   MISC_Hull_C_Thruster_VTOL_Rear                                   VTOL thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_vtol_inner_rear_right          S3   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   MISC_Hull_C_Thruster_VTOL_Rear                                   VTOL thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_vtol_outer_rear_right          S3   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   MISC_Hull_C_Thruster_VTOL_Rear                                   VTOL thrusters                          
hardpoint_controller_comms                        S0                                                     Controller_Comms                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_front_lift                              S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    Hull_C_Front_Lift                                                Doors                                   
hardpoint_lift_door                               S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    Door_Ship_Exterior_Hull_C_Exterior_Door                          Doors                                   
hardpoint_airlock_door_interior                   S1   DockingAnimator.UNDEFINED                         Door_Ship_Exterior_Hull_C_Airlock_Interior                       UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_access_crane                       S0                                                     MISC_Hull_C_SCItem_SeatAccess_Crane                              UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_door                         S0                                                     Controller_Door                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cockpit_flair                           S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_cockpit_flair_hang                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_extinguisher_bridge                     S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_avionics01                              S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_avionics02                              S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_extinguisher_crew                       S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_armor                                   S1   Armor.Medium                                      ARMR_MISC_Hull_C                                                 Armor                                   
hardpoint_weapons_locker                          S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     Weapon_Rack_MISC_Hull_C                                          Weapon hardpoints                       
 $IP_rifle_01                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rifle_02                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rifle_03                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rifle_04                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rifle_05                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rifle_06                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rifle_07                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rifle_08                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_01                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_02                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_03                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_04                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_05                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_06                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_07                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_08                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_09                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_10                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_11                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_12                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_shield_generator03                      S3   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_BASL_S03_Stronghold_SCItem                                  Shield generators                       
hardpoint_shield_generator04                      S3   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_BASL_S03_Stronghold_SCItem                                  Shield generators                       
hardpoint_rear_power_plant_B                      S3   PowerPlant.Power                                  POWR_AEGS_S03_Centurion_SCItem                                   Power plants                            
hardpoint_relay_cockpit                           S1   Relay.UNDEFINED                                   RELAY_1slot                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_01                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_relay_tractorbeam                       S1   Relay.UNDEFINED                                   RELAY_1slot                                                      Utility hardpoints                      
 $slot_fuse_01                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_relay_airlock                           S1   Relay.UNDEFINED                                   RELAY_1slot                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_01                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_relay_airlock_rear                      S1   Relay.UNDEFINED                                   RELAY_1slot                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_01                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_relay_escape_pod_room                   S1   Relay.UNDEFINED                                   RELAY_2slot                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_01                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_02                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_relay_upper_engine_room                 S1   Relay.UNDEFINED                                   RELAY_2slot                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_01                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_02                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_relay_mess_hall                         S1   Relay.UNDEFINED                                   RELAY_2slot                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_01                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_02                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_relay_engine_room                       S1   Relay.UNDEFINED                                   RELAY_3slot                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_01                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_02                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_03                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_lifesupport                             S3   LifeSupportGenerator.UNDEFINED                    LFSP_TYDT_S03_ComfortAirMax                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_01                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_02                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_03                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 

