MRAI_Pulse
hardpoint_seat_access                             S0                                                     MRAI_Pulse_SeatAccess                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_paint                                   S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_seat_pilot                              S0                                                     MRAI_Pulse_Seat_Pilot                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_dashboard_pilot                         S0                                                     MRAI_Pulse_Dashboard_Pilot                                       UNKNOWN                                 
 radar_helper                                     S1   Display                                           Radar_Display_Pulse                                              UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S1                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 radar_helper                                     S0                                                     Radar_Display_Pulse                                              DISABLED                                
hardpoint_cockpit_self_destruct                   S1   SelfDestruct.UNDEFINED                            VHCL_SelfDestruct_10s                                            Self destruct                           
hardpoint_controller_comms                        S0                                                     Controller_Comms                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_energy                       S0                                                     Controller_Energy                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_powerplant                              S0   PowerPlant.Power                                  POWR_LPLT_S00_Radix_SCItem                                       Power plants                            
hardpoint_controller_cooler                       S0                                                     Controller_Cooler                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cooler                                  S0   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_WCPR_S00_Fridan_SCItem                                      Coolers                                 
hardpoint_controller_shield                       S0                                                     Controller_Shield_MRAI_Pulse                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_armor                                   S1   Armor.Medium                                      ARMR_MRAI_Pulse                                                  Armor                                   
hardpoint_controller_flight                       S0                                                     Controller_Flight_MRAI_Pulse                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_light                        S0                                                     Controller_Light                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_door                         S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_radar                                   S0                                                     RADR_WLOP_S00_Denning                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_scanner                                 S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_ping                                    S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_thruster_main                           S1   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        MRAI_Pulse_Thruster_Main                                         Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_retro_left                     S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MRAI_Pulse_Thruster_Retro                                        Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_retro_right                    S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MRAI_Pulse_Thruster_Retro                                        Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_gravlev_rear_left                       S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   MRAI_Pulse_Thruster_Gravlev_Rear                                 Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_gravlev_rear_right                      S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   MRAI_Pulse_Thruster_Gravlev_Rear                                 Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_gravlev_front_left                      S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   MRAI_Pulse_Thruster_Gravlev_Front                                Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_gravlev_front_right                     S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   MRAI_Pulse_Thruster_Gravlev_Front                                Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_fuel_intake                             S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_MRAI_Pulse                                                  Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_tank                               S0   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_MRAI_Pulse                                                  Fuel tanks                              
landingpad_helper                                 S1   LandingSystem.UNDEFINED                           Default_LandingSystem                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_weapon                       S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_capacitor_assignment         S0                                                     Controller_CapacitorAssignment                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_thruster_mav_front_right_top            S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MRAI_Pulse_Thruster_Mav                                          Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_front_right_side           S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MRAI_Pulse_Thruster_Mav                                          Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_front_right_bottom         S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MRAI_Pulse_Thruster_Mav                                          Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_front_left_top             S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MRAI_Pulse_Thruster_Mav                                          Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_front_left_side            S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MRAI_Pulse_Thruster_Mav                                          Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_front_left_bottom          S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MRAI_Pulse_Thruster_Mav                                          Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_rear_right_top             S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MRAI_Pulse_Thruster_Mav                                          Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_rear_right_side            S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MRAI_Pulse_Thruster_Mav                                          Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_rear_right_bottom          S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MRAI_Pulse_Thruster_Mav                                          Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_rear_left_top              S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MRAI_Pulse_Thruster_Mav                                          Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_rear_left_side             S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MRAI_Pulse_Thruster_Mav                                          Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_rear_left_bottom           S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MRAI_Pulse_Thruster_Mav                                          Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_weapon                                  S2   WeaponGun.Gun                                     MRAI_Pulse_Mount_Gimbal_S2                                       Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon_mount_pos                       S2   WeaponGun.Gun                                     TOAG_LaserGatling_S2                                             Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon_mount_pos                       S2   WeaponGun.Gun                                     TOAG_LaserGatling_S2                                             Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_computer                                S0   Misc.UNDEFINED                                    COMP_WLOP_S00_Adze                                               UNKNOWN                                 

