ORIG_350r
hardpoint_paint                                   S1   Paints.UNDEFINED                                  Paint_350r_Base                                                  Paints                                  
hardpoint_seat_pilot                              S0                                                     ORIG_350r_SCItem_Seat_Pilot                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_paint_seat                             S1   Misc                                              Paint_300_Seat_Black                                             UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_paint_trim                             S1   Misc                                              Paint_300_SeatTrim_GlossYellow                                   UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_paint_seat                             S0                                                     Paint_300_Seat_Black                                             DISABLED                                
 hardpoint_paint_trim                             S0                                                     Paint_300_SeatTrim_GlossYellow                                   DISABLED                                
hardpoint_seat_access                             S0                                                     ORIG_300i_SeatAccess                                             UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_access_ladder                      S0                                                     ORIG_300i_SeatAccess_Ladder                                      UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_dashboard_pilot                         S0                                                     ORIG_350r_Dashboard_Pilot                                        UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_paint_dash                             S1   Misc                                              Paint_300_Dash_CarbonFiber                                       UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_dash_yoke                              S1   Misc                                              ORIG_350r_Yoke                                                   UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S1                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_MFD_Left                                  S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD_Holographic_ORIG_300i_TL                      UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_MFD_Right                                 S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD_Holographic_ORIG_300i_TR                      UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_Support_Left                              S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD_Holographic_ORIG_300i_BL                      UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_Support_Right                             S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD_Holographic_ORIG_300i_BR                      UNKNOWN                                 
 Radar_Helper                                     S1   Display                                           Radar_Display_ORIG_300                                           UNKNOWN                                 
 screen_annunciator                               S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_Physical_Holo                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_dash_yoke                              S0                                                     ORIG_350r_Yoke                                                   DISABLED                                
 hardpoint_paint_dash                             S0                                                     Paint_300_Dash_CarbonFiber                                       DISABLED                                
 Display_HUD                                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 Screen_MFD_Left                                  S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD_Holographic_ORIG_300i_TL                      DISABLED                                
 Screen_MFD_Right                                 S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD_Holographic_ORIG_300i_TR                      DISABLED                                
 Screen_Support_Left                              S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD_Holographic_ORIG_300i_BL                      DISABLED                                
 Screen_Support_Right                             S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD_Holographic_ORIG_300i_BR                      DISABLED                                
 Radar_Helper                                     S0                                                     Radar_Display_ORIG_300                                           DISABLED                                
 screen_annunciator                               S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_Physical_Holo                                     DISABLED                                
hardpoint_selfdestruct                            S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_controller_door                         S0                                                     Controller_Door                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_comms                        S0                                                     Controller_Comms                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_energy                       S0                                                     Controller_Energy                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_power_plant                             S1   PowerPlant.Power                                  POWR_ACOM_S01_LumaCore_SCItem                                    Power plants                            
hardpoint_controller_cooler                       S0                                                     Controller_Cooler                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cooler_left                             S1   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_ACOM_S01_QuickCool_SCItem                                   Coolers                                 
hardpoint_cooler_right                            S1   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_ACOM_S01_QuickCool_SCItem                                   Coolers                                 
hardpoint_controller_shield                       S0                                                     Controller_Shield_ORIG_300                                       UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_shield_generator_left                   S1   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_YORM_S01_Targa_SCItem                                       Shield generators                       
hardpoint_shield_generator_right                  S1   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_YORM_S01_Targa_SCItem                                       Shield generators                       
hardpoint_armor                                   S1   Armor.Medium                                      ARMR_ORIG_350r                                                   Armor                                   
hardpoint_controller_flight                       S0                                                     Controller_Flight_ORIG_350r                                      UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_radar                                   S1                                                     RADR_NAVE_S01_SNSR6                                              UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_light                        S0                                                     Controller_Light                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_scanner                                 S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_ping                                    S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_fuel_intake_left                        S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_ORIG_350r                                                   Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_intake_right                       S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_ORIG_350r                                                   Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_tank_left                          S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_ORIG_350r                                                   Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_fuel_tank_right                         S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_ORIG_350r                                                   Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_fuel_tank_center                        S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_ORIG_350r                                                   Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_300i_Intake                             S1   FuelIntake.UNDEFINED                              ORIG_350r_Intake                                                 Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_quantum_drive                           S1   QuantumDrive.UNDEFINED                            QDRV_RSI_S01_Eos_SCItem                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_Jump_Drive                             S1   JumpDrive.JumpDrive                               JDRV_TARS_S01_Explorer_SCItem                                    UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_jump_drive                             S1                                                     JDRV_TARS_S01_Explorer_SCItem                                    DISABLED                                
hardpoint_quantum_fuel_tank                       S1   QuantumFuelTank.QuantumFuel                       QTNK_ORIG_350r                                                   Quantum fuel tanks                      
hardpoint_main_thruster                           S3   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        ORIG_350r_Thruster_Main                                          Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_retro_left                     S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       ORIG_300i_Thruster_Retro                                         Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_retro_right                    S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       ORIG_300i_Thruster_Retro                                         Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_mav_thruster_tail_bottom_right          S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ORIG_350r_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_01_Bottom                           Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_thruster_tail_middle_right          S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ORIG_350r_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_01                                  Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_thruster_tail_top_right             S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ORIG_350r_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_01_Top                              Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_thruster_tail_bottom_left           S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ORIG_350r_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_01_Bottom                           Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_thruster_tail_middle_left           S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ORIG_350r_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_01                                  Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_thruster_tail_top_left              S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ORIG_350r_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_01_Top                              Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_thruster_nose_bottom_right          S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ORIG_350r_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_01_Bottom                           Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_thruster_nose_top_right             S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ORIG_350r_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_01_Top                              Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_thruster_nose_middle_right          S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ORIG_350r_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_02                                  Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_thruster_nose_bottom_left           S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ORIG_350r_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_01_Bottom                           Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_thruster_nose_top_left              S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ORIG_350r_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_01_Top                              Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_thruster_nose_middle_left           S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ORIG_350r_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_02                                  Maneuvering thrusters                   
landingpad_helper                                 S1   LandingSystem.UNDEFINED                           Default_LandingSystem                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_weapon                       S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_weapon_nose                             S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_weapon_wing_right                       S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_weapon_wing_left                        S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_weapon_missilerack_left                 S2   WeaponGun.Gun                                     MRCK_S02_BEHR_Single_S02                                         Weapon hardpoints                       
 missile_01_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     DISABLED                                
hardpoint_weapon_missilerack_right                S2   WeaponGun.Gun                                     MRCK_S02_BEHR_Single_S02                                         Weapon hardpoints                       
 missile_01_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     DISABLED                                
hardpoint_countermeasure_left                     S2   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            ORIG_CML_Decoy_Small                                             Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_countermeasure_right                    S2   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            ORIG_CML_Noise_Small                                             Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_cargo_door_front                        S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    Door_RN_RoomConnector_Breachable_OpenReverse_300i_Cargodoor      Doors                                   
 hardpoint_cargo_grid_front                       S1   CargoGrid                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cargo_door_rear                         S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    Door_RN_RoomConnector_Breachable_OpenReverse_300i_Cargodoor_Rear Doors                                   
 hardpoint_cargo_grid_rear                        S1   CargoGrid                                         ORIG_300i_CargoGrid_Rear                                         UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_cargo_grid_rear                        S0                                                     ORIG_300i_CargoGrid_Rear                                         DISABLED                                
hardpoint_bed                                     S1   Usable.UNDEFINED                                  Bed_Capsule_ORIG_350r                                            Usables                                 
 Pillow                                           S2                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_bedding                                S0                                                     orig_bedding_duvet_4_c                                           DISABLED                                
hardpoint_350r_nose_winglet_left                  S1   Misc.UNDEFINED                                    ORIG_350r_Winglet                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_350r_nose_winglet_right                 S1   Misc.UNDEFINED                                    ORIG_350r_Winglet                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_350r_tail_winglet_left                  S1   Misc.UNDEFINED                                    ORIG_350r_Winglet                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_350r_tail_winglet_right                 S1   Misc.UNDEFINED                                    ORIG_350r_Winglet                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_350r_wing_winglet_left                  S1   Misc.UNDEFINED                                    ORIG_350r_Winglet                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_350r_wing_winglet_right                 S1   Misc.UNDEFINED                                    ORIG_350r_Winglet                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_missile                      S0                                                     Controller_Missile                                               UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_capacitor_assignment         S0                                                     Controller_CapacitorAssignment                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_fuel                         S0                                                     Controller_Fuel                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_fuel_port                               S1   DockingCollar.UNDEFINED                           DockingTube_Fuel_Ports_ORIG_300i                                 UNKNOWN                                 
 itemport_vehicle_attach                          S8   NOITEM_Vehicle                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_air_traffic_controller                  S0                                                     ORIG_300i_ShipATCDataManager                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cockpit_flair                           S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_weapon_mount                            S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     ORIG_30i_Weapon_Mount                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_relay                                   S1   Relay.UNDEFINED                                   RELAY_2slot_slim                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_01                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_02                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_lifesupport                             S1   LifeSupportGenerator.UNDEFINED                    LFSP_TYDT_S01_ComfortAir                                         UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_01                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_02                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_03                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 

