ORIG_X1_Force
hardpoint_paint                                   S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_armor                                   S1   Armor.Medium                                      ARMR_ORIG_X1                                                     Armor                                   
hardpoint_cockpit_selfdestruct                    S1   SelfDestruct.UNDEFINED                            VHCL_SelfDestruct_20s                                            Self destruct                           
hardpoint_controller_comms                        S0                                                     Controller_Comms                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_cooler                       S0                                                     Controller_Cooler                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_door                         S0                                                     Controller_Door                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_energy                       S0                                                     Controller_Energy                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_flight                       S0                                                     Controller_Flight_ORIG_X1                                        UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_light                        S0                                                     Controller_Light                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_shield                       S0                                                     Controller_Shield_ORIG_X1                                        UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_weapon                       S0                                                     Controller_Weapon_ORIG_X1                                        UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_capacitor_assignment         S0                                                     Controller_CapacitorAssignment                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_fuel                         S0                                                     Controller_Fuel                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_air_traffic_controller                  S0                                                     ORIG_X1_ShipATCDataManager                                       UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_fuel_intake                             S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_ORIG_X1                                                     Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_refuel_port                             S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_fuel_tank                               S0   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_ORIG_X1                                                     Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_powerplant                              S0   PowerPlant.Power                                  POWR_LPLT_S00_Radix_SCItem                                       Power plants                            
hardpoint_cooler                                  S0   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_WCPR_S00_Fridan_SCItem                                      Coolers                                 
hardpoint_computer                                S0   Misc.UNDEFINED                                    COMP_WLOP_S00_Adze                                               UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cockpit_flair                           S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_cockpit_flair_hang                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_radar                                   S0                                                     RADR_WLOP_S00_Denning                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_pilot_seat                              S0                                                     ORIG_X1_SCItem_Seat_Pilot                                        UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_pilot_seataccess                        S0                                                     ORIG_X1_SCItem_SeatAccess                                        UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_dashboard                               S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 Display_HUD                                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 Radar_Helper                                     S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 Screen_Left                                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 Screen_Right                                     S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 Screen_Annunciator_Left                          S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 Screen_Annunciator_Right                         S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_thruster_main_right                     S1   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        ORIG_X1_Thruster_Main                                            Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_main_left                      S1   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        ORIG_X1_Thruster_Main                                            Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_retro_right                    S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ORIG_X1_Thruster_Retro                                           Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_retro_left                     S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ORIG_X1_Thruster_Retro                                           Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_mav_rear_top_right_side        S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ORIG_X1_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                       Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_rear_top_right             S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ORIG_X1_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                       Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_rear_top_left_side         S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ORIG_X1_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                       Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_rear_top_left              S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ORIG_X1_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                       Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_rear_bottom_right_side     S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ORIG_X1_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                       Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_rear_bottom_right          S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ORIG_X1_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                       Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_rear_bottom_left_side      S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ORIG_X1_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                       Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_rear_bottom_left           S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ORIG_X1_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                       Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_front_top_right_side       S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ORIG_X1_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                       Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_front_top_right            S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ORIG_X1_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                       Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_front_bottom_right_side    S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ORIG_X1_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                       Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_front_bottom_right         S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ORIG_X1_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                       Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_front_top_left_side        S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ORIG_X1_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                       Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_front_top_left             S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ORIG_X1_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                       Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_front_bottom_left_side     S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ORIG_X1_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                       Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_front_bottom_left          S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ORIG_X1_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                       Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_gravlev_front_right                     S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ORIG_X1_Thruster_Aux                                             Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_gravlev_front_left                      S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ORIG_X1_Thruster_Aux                                             Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_gravlev_center_right                    S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ORIG_X1_Thruster_Aux                                             Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_gravlev_center_left                     S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ORIG_X1_Thruster_Aux                                             Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_gravlev_rear_right                      S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ORIG_X1_Thruster_Aux                                             Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_gravlev_rear_left                       S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ORIG_X1_Thruster_Aux                                             Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_cm_left                                 S0   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            ORIG_X1_CML_Flare                                                Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_cm_right                                S0   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            ORIG_X1_CML_Chaff                                                Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_weapon                                  S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S1                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_personal_storage                        S1   Cargo.UNDEFINED                                   PersonalStorage_ORIG_X1                                          Cargo grids                             
hardpoint_shield_generator                        S0   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_SECO_S00_PIN_SCItem                                         Shield generators                       
hardpoint_relay                                   S1   Relay.UNDEFINED                                   RELAY_1slot_slim                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_01                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 

