ORIG_85X
hardpoint_pilot_seat                              S0                                                     ORIG_85X_SCItem_Seat_Pilot                                       UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_copilot_seat                            S0                                                     ORIG_85X_SCItem_Seat_Copilot                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_access                             S0                                                     ORIG_85X_SCItem_SeatAccess                                       UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_dashboard_pilot                         S0                                                     ORIG_85X_SCItem_Dashboard_Pilot                                  UNKNOWN                                 
 radar_helper                                     S1   Display                                           Radar_Display_ORIG_85x                                           UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S1                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 screen_hologram_right                            S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD_Holographic_ORIG_85X_R                        UNKNOWN                                 
 screen_hologram_left                             S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD_Holographic_ORIG_85X_L                        UNKNOWN                                 
 screen_mfd                                       S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 screen_annunciator_right                         S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_Physical_Holo                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 screen_annunciator_left                          S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_Physical_Holo                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 radar_helper                                     S0                                                     Radar_Display_ORIG_85x                                           DISABLED                                
 Display_HUD                                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 screen_hologram_right                            S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD_Holographic_ORIG_85X_R                        DISABLED                                
 screen_hologram_left                             S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD_Holographic_ORIG_85X_L                        DISABLED                                
 screen_mfd                                       S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 screen_annunciator_right                         S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_Physical_Holo                                     DISABLED                                
 screen_annunciator_left                          S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_Physical_Holo                                     DISABLED                                
hardpoint_dashboard_copilot                       S0                                                     ORIG_85X_SCItem_Dashboard_Copilot                                UNKNOWN                                 
 screen_cp_mid                                    S1   Display                                                                                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 screen_cp_right                                  S1   Display                                                                                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 screen_cp_left                                   S1   Display                                                                                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 screen_cp_mid                                    S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 screen_cp_right                                  S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 screen_cp_left                                   S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_controller_light                        S0                                                     Controller_Light                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_comms                        S0                                                     Controller_Comms                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_self_destruct                           S1   SelfDestruct.UNDEFINED                            VHCL_SelfDestruct_10s                                            Self destruct                           
hardpoint_controller_door                         S0                                                     Controller_Door                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_radar                                   S1                                                     RADR_NAVE_S01_SNSR6                                              UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_scanner                                 S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_ping                                    S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_power_plant                             S1   PowerPlant.Power                                  POWR_LPLT_S01_PowerBolt_SCItem                                   Power plants                            
hardpoint_controller_energy                       S0                                                     Controller_Energy                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_fuel_tank                               S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_ORIG_85x                                                    Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_fuel_intake_left                        S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_ORIG_85x                                                    Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_intake_right                       S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_ORIG_85x                                                    Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_cooler_left                             S1   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_ACOM_S01_IcePlunge_SCItem                                   Coolers                                 
hardpoint_cooler_right                            S1   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_ACOM_S01_IcePlunge_SCItem                                   Coolers                                 
hardpoint_controller_cooler                       S0                                                     Controller_Cooler                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_quantum_drive                           S1   QuantumDrive.UNDEFINED                            QDRV_WETK_S01_Beacon_SCItem                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_Jump_Drive                             S1   JumpDrive.JumpDrive                               JDRV_TARS_S01_Explorer_SCItem                                    UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_jump_drive                             S1                                                     JDRV_TARS_S01_Explorer_SCItem                                    DISABLED                                
hardpoint_quantum_fuel                            S1   QuantumFuelTank.QuantumFuel                       QTNK_ORIG_85X                                                    Quantum fuel tanks                      
hardpoint_controller_shield                       S0                                                     Controller_Shield_ORIG_85x                                       UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_shield_generator_left                   S1   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_YORM_S01_Targa_SCItem                                       Shield generators                       
hardpoint_armour                                  S1   Armor.Medium                                      ARMR_ORIG_85X                                                    Armor                                   
hardpoint_controller_flight                       S0                                                     Controller_Flight_ORIG_85X                                       UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_thruster_main_right                     S1   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        ORIG_85X_Thruster_Main                                           Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_main_left                      S1   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        ORIG_85X_Thruster_Main                                           Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_front_right_top                S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ORIG_85X_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_04_Right                             Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_front_right_side               S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ORIG_85X_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_03_Right                             Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_front_right_bottom             S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ORIG_85X_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_02                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_front_left_top                 S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ORIG_85X_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_04_Left                              Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_front_left_side                S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ORIG_85X_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_03_Left                              Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_front_left_bottom              S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ORIG_85X_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_02                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_rear_right_top                 S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ORIG_85X_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_01                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_rear_right_side                S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ORIG_85X_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_02                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_rear_right_bottom              S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ORIG_85X_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_01                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_rear_left_top                  S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ORIG_85X_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_01                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_rear_left_side                 S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ORIG_85X_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_02                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_rear_left_bottom               S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ORIG_85X_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_01                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_retro_right                    S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ORIG_85X_Thruster_Retro                                          Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_retro_left                     S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ORIG_85X_Thruster_Retro                                          Retro thrusters                         
landingpad_helper                                 S1   LandingSystem.UNDEFINED                           Default_LandingSystem                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_weapon                       S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_weapon_left                             S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_weapon_right                            S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_turret                                  S0   TurretBase.MannedTurret                                                                                            Manned turrets                          
 hardpoint_turret_left                            S2   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           Mount_Gimbal_S2                                                  Manned turrets                          
  hardpoint_class_2                               S2                                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S2                                            DISABLED                                
 hardpoint_turret_right                           S2   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           Mount_Gimbal_S2                                                  Manned turrets                          
  hardpoint_class_2                               S2                                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S2                                            DISABLED                                
hardpoint_countermeasures_1                       S2   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            ORIG_CML_Decoy_Small                                             Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_countermeasures_2                       S2   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            ORIG_CML_Noise_Small                                             Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_controller_weapon_remote_turret         S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_missile                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_controller_capacitor_assignment         S0                                                     Controller_CapacitorAssignment                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_fuel                         S0                                                     Controller_Fuel                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_fuel_port                               S1   DockingCollar.UNDEFINED                           DockingTube_Fuel_Ports_ORIG_85X                                  UNKNOWN                                 
 itemport_vehicle_attach                          S8   NOITEM_Vehicle                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_air_traffic_controller                  S0                                                     ORIG_85X_ShipATCDataManager                                      UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cockpit_flair                           S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_relay                                   S1   Relay.UNDEFINED                                   RELAY_1slot_slim                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_01                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_lifesupport                             S1   LifeSupportGenerator.UNDEFINED                    LFSP_TYDT_S01_ComfortAir                                         UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_01                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_02                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_03                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 

