ORIG_m50
hardpoint_paint                                   S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_seat_access                             S0                                                     ORIG_m50_SeatAccess                                              UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_pilot_chair                             S0                                                     ORIG_m50_Seat_Pilot                                              UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_dashboard_pilot                         S0                                                     ORIG_m50_Dashboard_Pilot                                         UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_cockpit_radar                          S1   Display                                           Radar_Display_ORIG_m50                                           UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S1                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_Annunciator_Left                          S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_Physical_Holo                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_Annunciator_Right                         S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_Physical_Holo                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_Left_RTT                                  S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD_Holographic_ORIG_M50_L                        UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_Right_RTT                                 S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD_Holographic_ORIG_M50_R                        UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_Bottom_Left_RTT_4by3                      S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_Bottom_Right_RTT_4by3                     S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_cockpit_radar                          S0                                                     Radar_Display_ORIG_m50                                           DISABLED                                
 Display_HUD                                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 Screen_Annunciator_Left                          S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_Physical_Holo                                     DISABLED                                
 Screen_Annunciator_Right                         S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_Physical_Holo                                     DISABLED                                
 Screen_Left_RTT                                  S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD_Holographic_ORIG_M50_L                        DISABLED                                
 Screen_Right_RTT                                 S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD_Holographic_ORIG_M50_R                        DISABLED                                
 Screen_Bottom_Left_RTT_4by3                      S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 Screen_Bottom_Right_RTT_4by3                     S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
hardpoint_self_destruct_pilot                     S1   SelfDestruct.UNDEFINED                            VHCL_SelfDestruct_10s                                            Self destruct                           
hardpoint_controller_door                         S0                                                     Controller_Door                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_comms                        S0                                                     Controller_Comms                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_energy                       S0                                                     Controller_Energy                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_power_plant                             S1   PowerPlant.Power                                  POWR_ACOM_S01_LumaCore_SCItem                                    Power plants                            
hardpoint_controller_cooler                       S0                                                     Controller_Cooler                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cooler_left                             S1   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_ACOM_S01_IcePlunge_SCItem                                   Coolers                                 
hardpoint_cooler_right                            S1   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_ACOM_S01_IcePlunge_SCItem                                   Coolers                                 
hardpoint_controller_shield                       S0                                                     Controller_Shield_ORIG_m50                                       UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_shield_generator                        S1   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_YORM_S01_Targa_SCItem                                       Shield generators                       
hardpoint_armour                                  S1   Armor.Medium                                      ARMR_ORIG_m50                                                    Armor                                   
hardpoint_controller_flight                       S0                                                     Controller_Flight_ORIG_m50                                       UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_radar                                   S1                                                     RADR_NAVE_S01_SNSR6                                              UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_light                        S0                                                     Controller_Light                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_scanner                                 S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_ping                                    S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_engine_left_attach                      S1   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        ORIG_M50_Thruster_Main                                           Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_engine_right_attach                     S1   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        ORIG_M50_Thruster_Main                                           Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_front_left_top                 S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ORIG_M50_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_Up                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_front_left_side                S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ORIG_M50_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_Lateral                              Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_front_left_bottom              S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ORIG_M50_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_Bottom                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_rear_left_side                 S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ORIG_M50_Thruster_Mav_Joint_Up                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_rear_left_bottom               S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ORIG_M50_Thruster_Mav_Joint_Bottom                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_front_right_top                S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ORIG_M50_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_Up                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_front_right_side               S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ORIG_M50_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_Lateral                              Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_front_right_bottom             S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ORIG_M50_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_Bottom                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_rear_right_side                S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ORIG_M50_Thruster_Mav_Joint_Up                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_rear_right_bottom              S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ORIG_M50_Thruster_Mav_Joint_Bottom                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_intake_left_retro              S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ORIG_M50_Thruster_Retro                                          Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_intake_right_retro             S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ORIG_M50_Thruster_Retro                                          Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_fuel_intake_left                        S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_ORIG_M50                                                    Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_intake_right                       S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_ORIG_M50                                                    Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_tank_left                          S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_ORIG_M50                                                    Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_fuel_tank_right                         S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_ORIG_M50                                                    Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_quantum_drive                           S1   QuantumDrive.UNDEFINED                            QDRV_ACAS_S01_LightFire_SCItem                                   UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_Jump_Drive                             S1   JumpDrive.JumpDrive                               JDRV_TARS_S01_Explorer_SCItem                                    UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_jump_drive                             S1                                                     JDRV_TARS_S01_Explorer_SCItem                                    DISABLED                                
hardpoint_quantum_fuel_tank                       S1   QuantumFuelTank.QuantumFuel                       QTNK_ORIG_m50                                                    Quantum fuel tanks                      
landingpad_helper                                 S1   LandingSystem.UNDEFINED                           Default_LandingSystem                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_weapon                       S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_weapon_gun_class1_left_wing             S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_weapon_gun_class1_right_wing            S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_weapon_missilerack_left                 S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     MRCK_S01_BEHR_Single_S01                                         Weapon hardpoints                       
 missile_01_attach                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        DISABLED                                
hardpoint_weapon_missilerack_right                S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     MRCK_S01_BEHR_Single_S01                                         Weapon hardpoints                       
 missile_01_attach                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_IR_BEHR_Marksman                                        DISABLED                                
hardpoint_countermeasure_launcher_left            S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            ORIG_M50_CML_Flare                                               Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_countermeasure_launcher_right           S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            ORIG_M50_CML_Chaff                                               Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_controller_missile                      S0                                                     Controller_Missile                                               UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_capacitor_assignment         S0                                                     Controller_CapacitorAssignment                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_fuel                         S0                                                     Controller_Fuel                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_fuel_port                               S1   DockingCollar.UNDEFINED                           DockingTube_Fuel_Ports_ORIG_m50                                  UNKNOWN                                 
 itemport_vehicle_attach                          S8   NOITEM_Vehicle                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_air_traffic_controller                  S0                                                     ORIG_m50_ShipATCDataManager                                      UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cockpit_flair                           S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_relay                                   S1   Relay.UNDEFINED                                   RELAY_1slot_slim                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_01                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_lifesupport                             S1   LifeSupportGenerator.UNDEFINED                    LFSP_TYDT_S01_ComfortAir                                         UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_01                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_02                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_03                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 

