ORIG_135c
hardpoint_paint                                   S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_controller_comms                        S0                                                     Controller_Comms                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_cooler                       S0                                                     Controller_Cooler                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_door                         S0                                                     Controller_Door                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_energy                       S0                                                     Controller_Energy                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_flight                       S0                                                     Controller_Flight_ORIG_135c                                      UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_light                        S0                                                     Controller_Light                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_scanner                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_controller_shield                       S0                                                     Controller_Shield_ORIG_100                                       UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_weapon                       S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cooler_door_left                        S1   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  Door_RN_NoRoomConnector_Breachable_OpenClose_IP_ORIG_100i_Cooler_LeftCoolers                                 
hardpoint_cooler_door_right                       S1   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  Door_RN_NoRoomConnector_Breachable_OpenClose_IP_ORIG_100i_Cooler_RightCoolers                                 
hardpoint_cooler_left                             S1   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_JUST_S01_Thermax_SCItem                                     Coolers                                 
hardpoint_cooler_right                            S1   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_JUST_S01_Thermax_SCItem                                     Coolers                                 
hardpoint_countermeasure_left                     S2   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            ORIG_CML_Decoy_Small                                             Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_countermeasure_right                    S2   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            ORIG_CML_Noise_Small                                             Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_dashboard_pilot                         S0                                                     ORIG_100i_SCItem_Dashboard_Pilot                                 UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_dash_yoke                              S1   Misc                                                                                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S1                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_MFD_Left                                  S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD_Holographic_ORIG_100i_L                       UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_MFD_Right                                 S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD_Holographic_ORIG_100i_R                       UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_support_left                              S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_support_right                             S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 screen_annunciator                               S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_Physical_Holo                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 Radar_Helper                                     S1   Display                                                                                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 Screen_MFD_Left                                  S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD_Holographic_ORIG_100i_L                       DISABLED                                
 Screen_MFD_Right                                 S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD_Holographic_ORIG_100i_R                       DISABLED                                
 Screen_support_left                              S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 Screen_support_right                             S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 screen_annunciator                               S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_Physical_Holo                                     DISABLED                                
 Radar_Helper                                     S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_door                                    S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    Door_RN_RoomConnector_Breachable_OpenClose_IP_100i               Doors                                   
hardpoint_fuel_intake_left                        S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_ORIG_100i                                                   Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_intake_right                       S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_ORIG_100i                                                   Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_tank                               S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_ORIG_100i                                                   Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_jumpdrive_door                          S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    Door_RN_NoRoomConnector_Breachable_OpenClose_IP_ORIG_100i_JumpDriveDoors                                   
hardpoint_quantum_drive                           S1   QuantumDrive.UNDEFINED                            QDRV_TARS_S01_Expedition_SCItem                                  UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_Jump_Drive                             S1   JumpDrive.JumpDrive                               JDRV_TARS_S01_Explorer_SCItem                                    UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_jump_drive                             S1                                                     JDRV_TARS_S01_Explorer_SCItem                                    DISABLED                                
hardpoint_quantum_fuel_tank                       S1   QuantumFuelTank.QuantumFuel                       QTNK_ORIG_100i                                                   Quantum fuel tanks                      
hardpoint_ping                                    S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_power_plant                             S1   PowerPlant.Power                                  POWR_JUST_S01_Fortitude_SCItem                                   Power plants                            
hardpoint_radar                                   S1                                                     RADR_GRNP_S01_Ecouter                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_radar_door                              S0                                                     Door_RN_NoRoomConnector_Breachable_OpenClose_IP_ORIG_100i_Radar  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_access                             S0                                                     ORIG_100i_SCItem_SeatAccess                                      UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_pilot                              S0                                                     ORIG_100i_SCItem_Seat_Pilot                                      UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_selfdestruct                            S1   SelfDestruct.UNDEFINED                            VHCL_SelfDestruct_30s                                            Self destruct                           
hardpoint_shield_generator                        S1   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_BASL_S01_Bulwark_SCItem                                     Shield generators                       
hardpoint_thruster_front_bottom_left              S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ORIG_135c_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_Bottom                              Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_front_bottom_right             S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ORIG_135c_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_Bottom                              Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_front_side_left                S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ORIG_135c_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                     Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_front_side_right               S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ORIG_135c_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                     Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_front_top_left                 S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ORIG_135c_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_Top                                 Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_front_top_right                S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ORIG_135c_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_Top                                 Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_main_left                      S1   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        ORIG_135c_Thruster_Main_Left                                     Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_main_right                     S1   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        ORIG_135c_Thruster_Main_Right                                    Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_rear_bottom_left               S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ORIG_135c_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_Bottom                              Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_rear_bottom_right              S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ORIG_135c_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_Bottom                              Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_rear_side_left                 S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ORIG_135c_Thruster_Mav_Left                                      Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_rear_side_right                S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ORIG_135c_Thruster_Mav_Right                                     Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_rear_top_left                  S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ORIG_135c_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_Top                                 Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_rear_top_right                 S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   ORIG_135c_Thruster_Mav_Fixed_Top                                 Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_retro_left                     S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ORIG_135c_Thruster_Retro_Left                                    Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_retro_right                    S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   ORIG_135c_Thruster_Retro_Right                                   Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_weapon_gun_left                         S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_weapon_gun_right                        S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
landingpad_helper                                 S1   LandingSystem.UNDEFINED                           Default_LandingSystem                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_weapon_missilebay_front                 S2   WeaponGun.Gun                                     MRCK_S02_ORIG_100i_Dual_S02                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 missile_01_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     Missiles                                
 missile_02_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     DISABLED                                
hardpoint_bed                                     S1   Usable.UNDEFINED                                  Bed_Single_ORIG_100i_Left                                        Usables                                 
hardpoint_armour                                  S1   Armor.Medium                                      ARMR_ORIG_135c                                                   Armor                                   
hardpoint_fuel_tank_b                             S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_ORIG_100i                                                   Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_controller_fuel                         S0                                                     Controller_Fuel                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_fuel_port                               S1   DockingCollar.UNDEFINED                           DockingTube_Fuel_Ports_ORIG_135c                                 UNKNOWN                                 
 itemport_vehicle_attach                          S8   NOITEM_Vehicle                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_air_traffic_controller                  S0                                                     ORIG_135c_ShipATCDataManager                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_lifesupport                             S1   LifeSupportGenerator.UNDEFINED                    LFSP_TYDT_S01_ComfortAir                                         UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_01                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_02                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_03                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cargoramp                               S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    Door_RN_NoRoomConnector_Breachable_OpenClose_IP_ORIG_135c_CargoRampDoors                                   
 hardpoint_cargogrid_ramp                         S1   CargoGrid                                         ORIG_135c_CargoGrid                                              UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_cargogrid_135                          S1   CargoGrid                                         ORIG_100i_CargoGrid                                              UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_intake_item                             S1   Misc.UNDEFINED                                    ORIG_135c_Intake                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_winglet_left                            S1   Misc.UNDEFINED                                    ORIG_135c_Winglet_Left                                           UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_winglet_right                           S1   Misc.UNDEFINED                                    ORIG_135c_Winglet_Right                                          UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cargoarea                               S1   Misc.UNDEFINED                                    ORIG_135c_Cargo_Area                                             UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_missile                      S0                                                     Controller_Missile                                               UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_capacitor_assignment         S0                                                     Controller_CapacitorAssignment                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cockpit_flair                           S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_relay                                   S1   Relay.UNDEFINED                                   RELAY_1slot_slim                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_01                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 

