RSI_Scorpius
hardpoint_paint                                   S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_avionics                                S1                                                     COMP_BEHR_S01_CSR-RP                                             DISABLED                                
hardpoint_battery                                 S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_cockpit_selfDestruct                    S1   SelfDestruct.UNDEFINED                            VHCL_SelfDestruct_30s                                            Self destruct                           
hardpoint_controller_comms                        S0                                                     Controller_Comms                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_cooler                       S0                                                     Controller_Cooler                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_door                         S0                                                     Controller_Door                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_energy                       S0                                                     Controller_Energy                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_flight                       S0                                                     Controller_Flight_RSI_Scorpius                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_light                        S0                                                     Controller_Light                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_scanner                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_controller_shield                       S0                                                     Controller_Shield_RSI_Scorpius                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_weapon                       S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cooler_left                             S1   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_AEGS_S01_Polar_SCItem                                       Coolers                                 
hardpoint_cooler_right                            S1   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_AEGS_S01_Polar_SCItem                                       Coolers                                 
hardpoint_countermeasures_left                    S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            RSI_Scorpius_CML_Flare                                           Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_countermeasures_right                   S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            RSI_Scorpius_CML_Chaff                                           Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_dashboard_gunner                        S0                                                     RSI_Scorpius_SCItem_Dashboard_Gunner                             UNKNOWN                                 
 GunnerScreen                                     S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 GunnerScreen                                     S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
hardpoint_dashboard_pilot                         S0                                                     RSI_Scorpius_SCItem_Dashboard_Pilot                              UNKNOWN                                 
 Radar_Helper                                     S1   Display                                           Radar_Display_Scorpius                                           UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S1                                                     H_Dashboard_Projector_HUD_RSI_Scorpius                           UNKNOWN                                 
 screen_top_Right                                 S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 screen_top_left                                  S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 screen_annunciator_Right                         S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_Physical_Holo                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 screen_annunciator_left                          S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_Physical_Holo                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 Radar_Helper                                     S0                                                     Radar_Display_Scorpius                                           DISABLED                                
 Display_HUD                                      S0                                                     H_Dashboard_Projector_HUD_RSI_Scorpius                           DISABLED                                
 screen_top_Right                                 S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 screen_top_left                                  S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 screen_annunciator_left                          S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_Physical_Holo                                     DISABLED                                
 screen_annunciator_Right                         S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_Physical_Holo                                     DISABLED                                
hardpoint_fuel_intake_left                        S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_RSI_Scorpius                                                Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_intake_right                       S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_RSI_Scorpius                                                Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_tank_left                          S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_RSI_Scorpius                                                Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_fuel_tank_right                         S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_RSI_Scorpius                                                Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_missilelauncher_left_top                S4   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S04_RSI_Scorpius_top_left                                   Missile racks                           
 missile_01_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_FSKI_Tempest                                         Missiles                                
 missile_02_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_FSKI_Tempest                                         Missiles                                
 missile_03_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_FSKI_Tempest                                         Missiles                                
 missile_04_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_FSKI_Tempest                                         Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_FSKI_Tempest                                         DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_FSKI_Tempest                                         DISABLED                                
 missile_03_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_FSKI_Tempest                                         DISABLED                                
 missile_04_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_FSKI_Tempest                                         DISABLED                                
hardpoint_missilelauncher_right_top               S4   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S04_RSI_Scorpius_top_right                                  Missile racks                           
 missile_01_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_FSKI_Tempest                                         Missiles                                
 missile_02_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_FSKI_Tempest                                         Missiles                                
 missile_03_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_FSKI_Tempest                                         Missiles                                
 missile_04_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_FSKI_Tempest                                         Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_FSKI_Tempest                                         DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_FSKI_Tempest                                         DISABLED                                
 missile_03_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_FSKI_Tempest                                         DISABLED                                
 missile_04_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_FSKI_Tempest                                         DISABLED                                
hardpoint_powerplant_left                         S1   PowerPlant.Power                                  RSI_Scorpius_Component_Cover                                     Power plants                            
hardpoint_powerplant_right                        S1   PowerPlant.Power                                  RSI_Scorpius_Component_Cover                                     Power plants                            
hardpoint_quantum_drive                           S1   QuantumDrive.UNDEFINED                            QDRV_RSI_S01_Eos_SCItem                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_Jump_Drive                             S1   JumpDrive.JumpDrive                               JDRV_TARS_S01_Explorer_SCItem                                    UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_jump_drive                             S1                                                     JDRV_TARS_S01_Explorer_SCItem                                    DISABLED                                
hardpoint_quantum_fuel_tank                       S1   QuantumFuelTank.QuantumFuel                       QTNK_RSI_Scorpius                                                Quantum fuel tanks                      
hardpoint_radar                                   S1                                                     RADR_CHCO_S01_ObserverLite                                       UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_gunner                             S0                                                     RSI_Scorpius_SCItem_Seat_Gunner                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_access                             S0                                                     RSI_Scorpius_SCItem_SeatAccess                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_pilot                              S0                                                     RSI_Scorpius_SCItem_Seat_Pilot                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_shield_generator                        S2   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_GODI_S02_FullStop_SCItem                                    Shield generators                       
hardpoint_thruster_front_bottom_left              S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   RSI_Scorpius_Thruster_Mav_Joint                                  Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_front_bottom_right             S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   RSI_Scorpius_Thruster_Mav_Joint                                  Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_front_top_left                 S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   RSI_Scorpius_Thruster_Mav_Joint                                  Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_front_top_right                S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   RSI_Scorpius_Thruster_Mav_Joint                                  Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_rear_bottom_left               S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   RSI_Scorpius_Thruster_Mav_Joint                                  Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_rear_bottom_right              S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   RSI_Scorpius_Thruster_Mav_Joint                                  Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_rear_top_left                  S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   RSI_Scorpius_Thruster_Mav_Joint                                  Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_rear_top_right                 S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   RSI_Scorpius_Thruster_Mav_Joint                                  Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_main_bottom_left               S1   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        RSI_Scorpius_Thruster_Main_Bottom_Left                           Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_main_bottom_right              S1   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        RSI_Scorpius_Thruster_Main_Bottom_Right                          Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_main_top_left                  S1   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        RSI_Scorpius_Thruster_Main_Top_Left                              Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_main_top_right                 S1   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        RSI_Scorpius_Thruster_Main_Top_Right                             Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_retro_left                     S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   RSI_Scorpius_Thruster_Retro_Left                                 Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_retro_right                    S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   RSI_Scorpius_Thruster_Retro_Right                                Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_remote_turret                           S0   TurretBase.MannedTurret                                                                                            Manned turrets                          
 turret_top_right                                 S0   TurretBase.MannedTurret                                                                                            Manned turrets                          
  hardpoint_class_2                               S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 turret_top_left                                  S0   TurretBase.MannedTurret                                                                                            Manned turrets                          
  hardpoint_class_2                               S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 turret_bottom_right                              S0   TurretBase.MannedTurret                                                                                            Manned turrets                          
  hardpoint_class_2                               S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 turret_bottom_left                               S0   TurretBase.MannedTurret                                                                                            Manned turrets                          
  hardpoint_class_2                               S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_remote_turret_controller                S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_weapon_gun_left_bottom                  S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_weapon_gun_right_bottom                 S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_weapon_gun_left_top                     S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_weapon_gun_right_top                    S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
landingpad_helper                                 S1   LandingSystem.UNDEFINED                           RSI_Scorpius_LandingGearSystem                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_armour                                  S1   Armor.Medium                                      ARMR_RSI_Scorpius                                                Armor                                   
hardpoint_life_support                            S1   LifeSupportGenerator.UNDEFINED                    LFSP_TYDT_S01_ComfortAir                                         UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_01                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_02                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_03                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_weaponlocker                            S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     Weapon_Rack_RSI_Scorpius                                         Weapon hardpoints                       
 $IP_rifle_01                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rifle_02                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rack_pistol_01                               S1   WeaponPersonal.Small                                                                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rack_pistol_02                               S1   WeaponPersonal.Small                                                                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_multitool_01                                 S1   WeaponPersonal.Gadget                                                                                              UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_multitool_02                                 S1   WeaponPersonal.Gadget                                                                                              UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_missile                      S0                                                     Controller_Missile                                               UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_capacitor_assignment         S0                                                     Controller_CapacitorAssignment                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_fuel                         S0                                                     Controller_Fuel                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_fuel_port                               S1   DockingCollar.UNDEFINED                           DockingTube_Fuel_Ports_RSI_Scorpius                              UNKNOWN                                 
 itemport_vehicle_attach                          S8   NOITEM_Vehicle                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_air_traffic_controller                  S0                                                     RSI_Scorpius_ShipATCDataManager                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_personal_inventory_gunner               S1   Cargo.UNDEFINED                                   PersonalStorage_Scorpius_CoPilot                                 Cargo grids                             
hardpoint_personal_inventory_pilot                S1   Cargo.UNDEFINED                                   PersonalStorage_Scorpius                                         Cargo grids                             
hardpoint_missilelauncher_left_bottom             S4   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S04_RSI_Scorpius                                            Missile racks                           
 missile_01_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_FSKI_Tempest                                         Missiles                                
 missile_02_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_FSKI_Tempest                                         Missiles                                
 missile_03_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_FSKI_Tempest                                         Missiles                                
 missile_04_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_FSKI_Tempest                                         Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_FSKI_Tempest                                         DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_FSKI_Tempest                                         DISABLED                                
 missile_03_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_FSKI_Tempest                                         DISABLED                                
 missile_04_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_FSKI_Tempest                                         DISABLED                                
hardpoint_missilelauncher_right_bottom            S4   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S04_RSI_Scorpius_bottom_right                               Missile racks                           
 missile_01_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_FSKI_Tempest                                         Missiles                                
 missile_02_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_FSKI_Tempest                                         Missiles                                
 missile_03_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_FSKI_Tempest                                         Missiles                                
 missile_04_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_FSKI_Tempest                                         Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_FSKI_Tempest                                         DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_FSKI_Tempest                                         DISABLED                                
 missile_03_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_FSKI_Tempest                                         DISABLED                                
 missile_04_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_FSKI_Tempest                                         DISABLED                                
hardpoint_spine                                   S1   Misc.UNDEFINED                                    RSI_Scorpius_Spine                                               UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_powerplant_lower_right                  S1   PowerPlant.Power                                  POWR_AEGS_S01_Regulus_SCItem                                     Power plants                            
hardpoint_powerplant_lower_left                   S1   PowerPlant.Power                                  POWR_AEGS_S01_Regulus_SCItem                                     Power plants                            
hardpoint_relay_cockpit                           S1   Relay.UNDEFINED                                   RELAY_3slot                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_01                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_02                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_03                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 

