RSI_Polaris
hardpoint_paint                                   S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_controller_scanner                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_controller_light                        S0                                                     Controller_Light                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_flight                       S0                                                     Controller_Flight_RSI_Polaris                                    UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_energy                       S0                                                     Controller_Energy                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_door                         S0                                                     Controller_Door                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_cooler                       S0                                                     Controller_Cooler                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_comms                        S0                                                     Controller_Comms                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_capacitor_assignment         S0                                                     Controller_CapacitorAssignment                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_shield                       S0                                                     Controller_Shield_RSI_Polaris                                    UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_pilot_weapon                 S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_pilot_missile                S0                                                     Controller_Missile                                               UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_pilot                              S0                                                     RSI_Polaris_Pilot_SCItem_SeatDashboard                           UNKNOWN                                 
 Radar_Helper                                     S1   Display                                           Radar_Display_RSI_Polaris                                        UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S1                                                     H_Dashboard_Projector_HUD_RSI_Polaris_P                          UNKNOWN                                 
 rtt_screen_right                                 S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 rtt_screen_left                                  S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 rtt_annunciator_screen_pilot_right               S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_Physical_Holo                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 rtt_annunciator_screen_pilot_left                S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_Physical_Holo                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 rtt_system_screen_pilot_right                    S1   Display                                                                                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 rtt_system_screen_pilot_left                     S1   Display                                                                                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 Components_Radar_Helper                          S1   Display                                           Radar_Display_RSI_Polaris_C                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 Radar_Helper                                     S0                                                     Radar_Display_RSI_Polaris                                        DISABLED                                
 Display_HUD                                      S0                                                     H_Dashboard_Projector_HUD_RSI_Polaris_P                          DISABLED                                
 rtt_screen_right                                 S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 rtt_screen_left                                  S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 rtt_annunciator_screen_pilot_right               S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_Physical_Holo                                     DISABLED                                
 rtt_annunciator_screen_pilot_left                S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_Physical_Holo                                     DISABLED                                
 rtt_system_screen_pilot_right                    S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 rtt_system_screen_pilot_left                     S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 Components_Radar_Helper                          S0                                                     Radar_Display_RSI_Polaris_C                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_seataccess_pilot                        S0                                                     RSI_Polaris_Seat_Access_Pilot                                    UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_captain                            S0                                                     RSI_Polaris_Seat_Captain                                         UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_dashboard_captain                       S0                                                     RSI_Polaris_Dashboard_Captain                                    UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_Right_Bottom                              S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_Left_Bottom                               S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_Right_Bottom                              S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 Screen_Left_Bottom                               S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
hardpoint_seataccess_captain                      S0                                                     RSI_Polaris_SeatAccess_Captain                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_powerplant                              S4   PowerPlant.Power                                  POWR_RSI_S04_Polaris_SCItem                                      Power plants                            
hardpoint_shield_generator                        S4   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_RSI_S04_Polaris_SCItem                                      Shield generators                       
hardpoint_cooler                                  S4   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_RSI_S04_Polaris_SCItem                                      Coolers                                 
hardpoint_radar                                   S4                                                     RADR_RSI_S04_Polaris                                             UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_armor                                   S1   Armor.Medium                                      ARMR_RSI_Polaris                                                 Armor                                   
hardpoint_fuel_tank                               S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_RSI_Polaris                                                 Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_fuel_intake                             S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_RSI_Polaris                                                 Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_cockpit_selfdestruct                    S1   SelfDestruct.UNDEFINED                            VHCL_SelfDestruct_80s                                            Self destruct                           
hardpoint_mav_front_left_top                      S3   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       RSI_Polaris_Thruster_Mav_Joint                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_front_left_side                     S3   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       RSI_Polaris_Thruster_Mav_Joint                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_front_left_bottom                   S3   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       RSI_Polaris_Thruster_Mav_Joint                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_front_right_top                     S3   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       RSI_Polaris_Thruster_Mav_Joint                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_front_right_side                    S3   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       RSI_Polaris_Thruster_Mav_Joint                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_front_right_bottom                  S3   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       RSI_Polaris_Thruster_Mav_Joint                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_rear_right_top                      S3   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       RSI_Polaris_Thruster_Mav_Joint                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_rear_right_side                     S3   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       RSI_Polaris_Thruster_Mav_Joint                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_rear_right_bottom                   S3   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       RSI_Polaris_Thruster_Mav_Joint                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_rear_left_top                       S3   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       RSI_Polaris_Thruster_Mav_Joint                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_rear_left_side                      S3   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       RSI_Polaris_Thruster_Mav_Joint                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_rear_left_bottom                    S3   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       RSI_Polaris_Thruster_Mav_Joint                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_mid_left_top                        S3   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       RSI_Polaris_Thruster_Mav_Joint                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_mid_left_side                       S3   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       RSI_Polaris_Thruster_Mav_Joint                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_mid_left_bottom                     S3   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       RSI_Polaris_Thruster_Mav_Joint                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_mid_right_top                       S3   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       RSI_Polaris_Thruster_Mav_Joint                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_mid_right_side                      S3   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       RSI_Polaris_Thruster_Mav_Joint                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_mid_right_bottom                    S3   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       RSI_Polaris_Thruster_Mav_Joint                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_retro_top_right                         S4   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   RSI_Polaris_Thruster_Retro                                       Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_retro_top_left                          S4   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   RSI_Polaris_Thruster_Retro                                       Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_retro_bottom_left                       S4   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   RSI_Polaris_Thruster_Retro_Bottom_Left                           Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_retro_bottom_right                      S4   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   RSI_Polaris_Thruster_Retro_Bottom_Right                          Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_main_right_centre              S4   MainThruster.UNDEFINED                            RSI_Polaris_Thruster_Main_Inner                                  Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_retro_rear_middle_right        S4   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   RSI_Polaris_Thruster_Retro_Rear_Inner                            Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_main_right_bottom              S4   MainThruster.UNDEFINED                            RSI_Polaris_Thruster_Main_Outer                                  Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_retro_rear_right_bottom        S4   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   RSI_Polaris_Thruster_Retro_Rear_Outer                            Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_main_right_top                 S4   MainThruster.UNDEFINED                            RSI_Polaris_Thruster_Main_Outer                                  Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_rear_retro_right_top           S4   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   RSI_Polaris_Thruster_Retro_Rear_Outer                            Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_main_left_centre               S4   MainThruster.UNDEFINED                            RSI_Polaris_Thruster_Main_Inner                                  Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_retro_rear_middle_left         S4   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   RSI_Polaris_Thruster_Retro_Rear_Inner                            Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_main_left_top                  S4   MainThruster.UNDEFINED                            RSI_Polaris_Thruster_Main_Outer                                  Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_retro_rear_left_top            S4   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   RSI_Polaris_Thruster_Retro_Rear_Outer                            Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_main_left_bottom               S4   MainThruster.UNDEFINED                            RSI_Polaris_Thruster_Main_Outer                                  Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_retro_rear_left_bottom         S4   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   RSI_Polaris_Thruster_Retro_Rear_Outer                            Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_door_hangar                             S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    Door_RN_NoRoomConnector_RSI_Polaris_Hangar_Door                  Doors                                   
hardpoint_door_ramp_left                          S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    Door_RN_NoRoomConnector_RSI_Polaris_CargoRamp_Left               Doors                                   
 hardpoint_panel_interior_left                    S0                                                     ControlPanel_Screen_DoorControl_Physical_RSI_Com_Handle_Parent   UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_panel_interior_right                   S0                                                     ControlPanel_Screen_DoorControl_Physical_RSI_Com_Handle_Parent   UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_panel_ramp_left                        S0                                                     ControlPanel_Screen_DoorControl_Physical_RSI_Com_Handle_Parent   UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_panel_ramp_right                       S0                                                     ControlPanel_Screen_DoorControl_Physical_RSI_Com_Handle_Parent   UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_panel_exterior                         S0                                                     ControlPanel_Screen_DoorControl_Physical_RSI_Polaris_Ext_Handle  UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_panel_exterior_ground                  S0                                                     ControlPanel_Screen_DoorControl_Physical_RSI_Polaris_Ramp_NoGeo  UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_cargo_addon                            S1   AttachedPart                                      RSI_Polaris_Cargo_Addon_Left                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_door_ramp_right                         S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    Door_RN_NoRoomConnector_RSI_Polaris_CargoRamp_Right              Doors                                   
 hardpoint_panel_interior_left                    S0                                                     ControlPanel_Screen_DoorControl_Physical_RSI_Com_Handle_Parent   UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_panel_interior_right                   S0                                                     ControlPanel_Screen_DoorControl_Physical_RSI_Com_Handle_Parent   UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_panel_ramp_left                        S0                                                     ControlPanel_Screen_DoorControl_Physical_RSI_Com_Handle_Parent   UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_panel_ramp_right                       S0                                                     ControlPanel_Screen_DoorControl_Physical_RSI_Com_Handle_Parent   UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_panel_exterior                         S0                                                     ControlPanel_Screen_DoorControl_Physical_RSI_Polaris_Ext_Handle  UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_panel_exterior_ground                  S0                                                     ControlPanel_Screen_DoorControl_Physical_RSI_Polaris_Ramp_NoGeo  UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_cargo_addon                            S1   AttachedPart                                      RSI_Polaris_Cargo_Addon_Right                                    UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_vtol_front                              S4   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   RSI_Polaris_Thruster_VTOL                                        VTOL thrusters                          
hardpoint_vtol_right                              S4   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   RSI_Polaris_Thruster_VTOL                                        VTOL thrusters                          
hardpoint_vtol_left                               S4   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   RSI_Polaris_Thruster_VTOL                                        VTOL thrusters                          
hardpoint_missile_rack_right                      S10  MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S10_RSI_Polaris_Right                                       Missile racks                           
 missile_attach_01                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        Missiles                                
 missile_attach_02                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        Missiles                                
 missile_attach_03                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        Missiles                                
 missile_attach_04                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        Missiles                                
 missile_attach_05                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        Missiles                                
 missile_attach_06                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        Missiles                                
 missile_attach_07                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        Missiles                                
 missile_attach_08                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        Missiles                                
 missile_attach_01                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_attach_02                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_attach_03                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_attach_04                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_attach_05                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_attach_06                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_attach_07                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_attach_08                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        DISABLED                                
hardpoint_missile_rack_left                       S10  MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S10_RSI_Polaris_Left                                        Missile racks                           
 missile_attach_01                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        Missiles                                
 missile_attach_02                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        Missiles                                
 missile_attach_03                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        Missiles                                
 missile_attach_04                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        Missiles                                
 missile_attach_05                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        Missiles                                
 missile_attach_06                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        Missiles                                
 missile_attach_07                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        Missiles                                
 missile_attach_08                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        Missiles                                
 missile_attach_01                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_attach_02                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_attach_03                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_attach_04                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_attach_05                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_attach_06                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_attach_07                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_attach_08                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        DISABLED                                
hardpoint_countermeasure_left                     S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            RSI_Polaris_CML_Noise                                            Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_countermeasure_right                    S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            RSI_Polaris_CML_Noise                                            Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_countermeasure_top_left                 S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            RSI_Polaris_CML_Decoy                                            Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_countermeasure_top_right                S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            RSI_Polaris_CML_Decoy                                            Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_countermeasure_bottom_left              S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            RSI_Polaris_CML_Decoy                                            Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_countermeasure_bottom_right             S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            RSI_Polaris_CML_Decoy                                            Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_controller_fuel                         S0                                                     Controller_Fuel                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_fuel_port                               S1   DockingCollar.UNDEFINED                           DockingTube_Fuel_Ports_RSI_Polaris                               UNKNOWN                                 
 itemport_vehicle_attach                          S8   NOITEM_Vehicle                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_air_traffic_controller                  S0                                                     RSI_Polaris_ShipATCDataManager                                   UNKNOWN                                 
landingpad_helper                                 S1   LandingSystem.UNDEFINED                           Default_LandingSystem                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_torpedo_left_upper                      S10  MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S10_RSI_Polaris_Torpedo_lt                                  Missile racks                           
 missile_01_attach                                S10  Missile.Torpedo                                   MISL_S10_IR_BEHR_Torpedo                                         UNKNOWN                                 
 missile_02_attach                                S10  Missile.Torpedo                                   MISL_S10_IR_BEHR_Torpedo                                         UNKNOWN                                 
 missile_03_attach                                S10  Missile.Torpedo                                   MISL_S10_IR_BEHR_Torpedo                                         UNKNOWN                                 
 missile_04_attach                                S10  Missile.Torpedo                                   MISL_S10_IR_BEHR_Torpedo                                         UNKNOWN                                 
 missile_05_attach                                S10  Missile.Torpedo                                   MISL_S10_IR_BEHR_Torpedo                                         UNKNOWN                                 
 missile_06_attach                                S10  Missile.Torpedo                                   MISL_S10_IR_BEHR_Torpedo                                         UNKNOWN                                 
 missile_07_attach                                S10  Missile.Torpedo                                   MISL_S10_IR_BEHR_Torpedo                                         UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_inner_tube                             S1   AttachedPart                                      RSI_Polaris_Torpedo_Tube_Inner_Geo_L                             UNKNOWN                                 
 missile_01_attach                                S10                                                    MISL_S10_IR_BEHR_Torpedo                                         DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S10                                                    MISL_S10_IR_BEHR_Torpedo                                         DISABLED                                
 missile_03_attach                                S10                                                    MISL_S10_IR_BEHR_Torpedo                                         DISABLED                                
 missile_04_attach                                S10                                                    MISL_S10_IR_BEHR_Torpedo                                         DISABLED                                
 missile_05_attach                                S10                                                    MISL_S10_IR_BEHR_Torpedo                                         DISABLED                                
 missile_06_attach                                S10                                                    MISL_S10_IR_BEHR_Torpedo                                         DISABLED                                
 missile_07_attach                                S10                                                    MISL_S10_IR_BEHR_Torpedo                                         DISABLED                                
 hardpoint_inner_tube                             S0                                                     RSI_Polaris_Torpedo_Tube_Inner_Geo_L                             DISABLED                                
hardpoint_torpedo_left_lower                      S10  MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S10_RSI_Polaris_Torpedo_lb                                  Missile racks                           
 missile_01_attach                                S10  Missile.Torpedo                                   MISL_S10_IR_BEHR_Torpedo                                         UNKNOWN                                 
 missile_02_attach                                S10  Missile.Torpedo                                   MISL_S10_IR_BEHR_Torpedo                                         UNKNOWN                                 
 missile_03_attach                                S10  Missile.Torpedo                                   MISL_S10_IR_BEHR_Torpedo                                         UNKNOWN                                 
 missile_04_attach                                S10  Missile.Torpedo                                   MISL_S10_IR_BEHR_Torpedo                                         UNKNOWN                                 
 missile_05_attach                                S10  Missile.Torpedo                                   MISL_S10_IR_BEHR_Torpedo                                         UNKNOWN                                 
 missile_06_attach                                S10  Missile.Torpedo                                   MISL_S10_IR_BEHR_Torpedo                                         UNKNOWN                                 
 missile_07_attach                                S10  Missile.Torpedo                                   MISL_S10_IR_BEHR_Torpedo                                         UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_inner_tube                             S1   AttachedPart                                      RSI_Polaris_Torpedo_Tube_Inner_Geo_L                             UNKNOWN                                 
 missile_01_attach                                S10                                                    MISL_S10_IR_BEHR_Torpedo                                         DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S10                                                    MISL_S10_IR_BEHR_Torpedo                                         DISABLED                                
 missile_03_attach                                S10                                                    MISL_S10_IR_BEHR_Torpedo                                         DISABLED                                
 missile_04_attach                                S10                                                    MISL_S10_IR_BEHR_Torpedo                                         DISABLED                                
 missile_05_attach                                S10                                                    MISL_S10_IR_BEHR_Torpedo                                         DISABLED                                
 missile_06_attach                                S10                                                    MISL_S10_IR_BEHR_Torpedo                                         DISABLED                                
 missile_07_attach                                S10                                                    MISL_S10_IR_BEHR_Torpedo                                         DISABLED                                
 hardpoint_inner_tube                             S0                                                     RSI_Polaris_Torpedo_Tube_Inner_Geo_L                             DISABLED                                
hardpoint_torpedo_right_upper                     S10  MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S10_RSI_Polaris_Torpedo_rt                                  Missile racks                           
 missile_01_attach                                S10  Missile.Torpedo                                   MISL_S10_IR_BEHR_Torpedo                                         UNKNOWN                                 
 missile_02_attach                                S10  Missile.Torpedo                                   MISL_S10_IR_BEHR_Torpedo                                         UNKNOWN                                 
 missile_03_attach                                S10  Missile.Torpedo                                   MISL_S10_IR_BEHR_Torpedo                                         UNKNOWN                                 
 missile_04_attach                                S10  Missile.Torpedo                                   MISL_S10_IR_BEHR_Torpedo                                         UNKNOWN                                 
 missile_05_attach                                S10  Missile.Torpedo                                   MISL_S10_IR_BEHR_Torpedo                                         UNKNOWN                                 
 missile_06_attach                                S10  Missile.Torpedo                                   MISL_S10_IR_BEHR_Torpedo                                         UNKNOWN                                 
 missile_07_attach                                S10  Missile.Torpedo                                   MISL_S10_IR_BEHR_Torpedo                                         UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_inner_tube                             S1   AttachedPart                                      RSI_Polaris_Torpedo_Tube_Inner_Geo_R                             UNKNOWN                                 
 missile_01_attach                                S10                                                    MISL_S10_IR_BEHR_Torpedo                                         DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S10                                                    MISL_S10_IR_BEHR_Torpedo                                         DISABLED                                
 missile_03_attach                                S10                                                    MISL_S10_IR_BEHR_Torpedo                                         DISABLED                                
 missile_04_attach                                S10                                                    MISL_S10_IR_BEHR_Torpedo                                         DISABLED                                
 missile_05_attach                                S10                                                    MISL_S10_IR_BEHR_Torpedo                                         DISABLED                                
 missile_06_attach                                S10                                                    MISL_S10_IR_BEHR_Torpedo                                         DISABLED                                
 missile_07_attach                                S10                                                    MISL_S10_IR_BEHR_Torpedo                                         DISABLED                                
 hardpoint_inner_tube                             S0                                                     RSI_Polaris_Torpedo_Tube_Inner_Geo_R                             DISABLED                                
hardpoint_torpedo_right_lower                     S10  MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S10_RSI_Polaris_Torpedo_rb                                  Missile racks                           
 missile_01_attach                                S10  Missile.Torpedo                                   MISL_S10_IR_BEHR_Torpedo                                         UNKNOWN                                 
 missile_02_attach                                S10  Missile.Torpedo                                   MISL_S10_IR_BEHR_Torpedo                                         UNKNOWN                                 
 missile_03_attach                                S10  Missile.Torpedo                                   MISL_S10_IR_BEHR_Torpedo                                         UNKNOWN                                 
 missile_04_attach                                S10  Missile.Torpedo                                   MISL_S10_IR_BEHR_Torpedo                                         UNKNOWN                                 
 missile_05_attach                                S10  Missile.Torpedo                                   MISL_S10_IR_BEHR_Torpedo                                         UNKNOWN                                 
 missile_06_attach                                S10  Missile.Torpedo                                   MISL_S10_IR_BEHR_Torpedo                                         UNKNOWN                                 
 missile_07_attach                                S10  Missile.Torpedo                                   MISL_S10_IR_BEHR_Torpedo                                         UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_inner_tube                             S1   AttachedPart                                      RSI_Polaris_Torpedo_Tube_Inner_Geo_R                             UNKNOWN                                 
 missile_01_attach                                S10                                                    MISL_S10_IR_BEHR_Torpedo                                         DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S10                                                    MISL_S10_IR_BEHR_Torpedo                                         DISABLED                                
 missile_03_attach                                S10                                                    MISL_S10_IR_BEHR_Torpedo                                         DISABLED                                
 missile_04_attach                                S10                                                    MISL_S10_IR_BEHR_Torpedo                                         DISABLED                                
 missile_05_attach                                S10                                                    MISL_S10_IR_BEHR_Torpedo                                         DISABLED                                
 missile_06_attach                                S10                                                    MISL_S10_IR_BEHR_Torpedo                                         DISABLED                                
 missile_07_attach                                S10                                                    MISL_S10_IR_BEHR_Torpedo                                         DISABLED                                
 hardpoint_inner_tube                             S0                                                     RSI_Polaris_Torpedo_Tube_Inner_Geo_R                             DISABLED                                
hardpoint_turret_torpedo_camera                   S4   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           RSI_Polaris_SCItem_Remote_Turret_Torpedo                         Manned turrets                          
hardpoint_controller_torpedo_weapon               S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_torpedo_missile              S0                                                     Controller_Missile                                               UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_torpedo_console                    S0                                                     RSI_Polaris_Torpedo_Console                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 mesh_screen_01                                   S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 mesh_screen_01                                   S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
hardpoint_seataccess_torpedo_console              S0                                                     RSI_Polaris_SeatAccess_Torpedo_Console                           UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_turretseatleft_missile       S0                                                     Controller_Missile                                               UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_turretseatleft_weapon        S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_dashboard_turretseatleft                S0                                                     RSI_Polaris_Dashboard_TurretSeat_Left                            UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_Console                                   S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S1                                                     H_Dashboard_Projector_HUD_RSI_Polaris_S_L                        UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_Console                                   S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 Display_HUD                                      S0                                                     H_Dashboard_Projector_HUD_RSI_Polaris_S_L                        DISABLED                                
hardpoint_seat_turretseatleft                     S0                                                     RSI_Polaris_Seat_Bridge_MissileOnly                              UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seataccess_turretseatleft               S0                                                     RSI_Polaris_SeatAccess_TurretSeat_Left                           UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_turretseatright_weapon       S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_dashboard_turretseatright               S0                                                     RSI_Polaris_Dashboard_TurretSeat_Right                           UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_Console                                   S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S1                                                     H_Dashboard_Projector_HUD_RSI_Polaris_S_R                        UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_Console                                   S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 Display_HUD                                      S0                                                     H_Dashboard_Projector_HUD_RSI_Polaris_S_R                        DISABLED                                
hardpoint_seat_turretseatright                    S0                                                     RSI_Polaris_Seat_Bridge                                          UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seataccess_turretseatright              S0                                                     RSI_Polaris_SeatAccess_TurretSeat_Right                          UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_turret_remote_top                       S4   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           RSI_Polaris_SCItem_Remote_Turret_RearTop                         Manned turrets                          
 hardpoint_missile                                S4   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S4_RSI_Polaris_Turret                                       Missile racks                           
  missile_attach_01                               S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          Missiles                                
  missile_attach_02                               S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          Missiles                                
  missile_attach_03                               S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          Missiles                                
  missile_attach_04                               S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          Missiles                                
  missile_attach_05                               S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          Missiles                                
  missile_attach_06                               S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          Missiles                                
  missile_attach_07                               S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          Missiles                                
  missile_attach_08                               S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          Missiles                                
  missile_attach_09                               S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          Missiles                                
  missile_attach_10                               S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          Missiles                                
  missile_attach_11                               S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          Missiles                                
  missile_attach_12                               S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          Missiles                                
 hardpoint_missile                                S4   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           MRCK_S4_RSI_Polaris_Turret                                       Manned turrets                          
  missile_attach_01                               S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
  missile_attach_02                               S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
  missile_attach_03                               S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
  missile_attach_04                               S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
  missile_attach_05                               S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
  missile_attach_06                               S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
  missile_attach_07                               S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
  missile_attach_08                               S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
  missile_attach_09                               S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
  missile_attach_10                               S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
  missile_attach_11                               S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
  missile_attach_12                               S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
hardpoint_turret_remote_bottom                    S4   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           RSI_Polaris_SCItem_Remote_Turret_RearBottom                      Manned turrets                          
 turret_bottom_left                               S3   Turret.GunTurret                                  Mount_Gimbal_S3                                                  Weapon hardpoints                       
  hardpoint_class_2                               S3   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 turret_bottom_right                              S3   Turret.GunTurret                                  Mount_Gimbal_S3                                                  Weapon hardpoints                       
  hardpoint_class_2                               S3   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 turret_top_right                                 S3   Turret.GunTurret                                  Mount_Gimbal_S3                                                  Weapon hardpoints                       
  hardpoint_class_2                               S3   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 turret_top_left                                  S3   Turret.GunTurret                                  Mount_Gimbal_S3                                                  Weapon hardpoints                       
  hardpoint_class_2                               S3   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 turret_bottom_left                               S3   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           Mount_Gimbal_S3                                                  Manned turrets                          
  hardpoint_class_2                               S3                                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            DISABLED                                
 turret_bottom_right                              S3   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           Mount_Gimbal_S3                                                  Manned turrets                          
  hardpoint_class_2                               S3                                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            DISABLED                                
 turret_top_left                                  S3   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           Mount_Gimbal_S3                                                  Manned turrets                          
  hardpoint_class_2                               S3                                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            DISABLED                                
 turret_top_right                                 S3   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           Mount_Gimbal_S3                                                  Manned turrets                          
  hardpoint_class_2                               S3                                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            DISABLED                                
hardpoint_turret_side_left                        S5   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           RSI_Polaris_Turret_Side_Left                                     Manned turrets                          
 turret_upper_left                                S3   Turret.GunTurret                                  Mount_Gimbal_S3_Polaris                                          Weapon hardpoints                       
  hardpoint_class_2                               S3   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 turret_upper_right                               S3   Turret.GunTurret                                  Mount_Gimbal_S3_Polaris                                          Weapon hardpoints                       
  hardpoint_class_2                               S3   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 turret_lower_left                                S3   Turret.GunTurret                                  Mount_Gimbal_S3_Polaris                                          Weapon hardpoints                       
  hardpoint_class_2                               S3   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 turret_lower_right                               S3   Turret.GunTurret                                  Mount_Gimbal_S3_Polaris                                          Weapon hardpoints                       
  hardpoint_class_2                               S3   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 Screen_Radar                                     S1   Display                                           Radar_Display_Screen_Template                                    UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_Right_Bottom                              S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_Left_Bottom                               S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_oc                                     S1   Room                                              RSI_Polaris_Turret_Lighting_OC                                   Rooms                                   
 turret_upper_left                                S3   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           Mount_Gimbal_S3_Polaris                                          Manned turrets                          
  hardpoint_class_2                               S3                                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            DISABLED                                
 turret_upper_right                               S3   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           Mount_Gimbal_S3_Polaris                                          Manned turrets                          
  hardpoint_class_2                               S3                                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            DISABLED                                
 turret_lower_left                                S3   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           Mount_Gimbal_S3_Polaris                                          Manned turrets                          
  hardpoint_class_2                               S3                                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            DISABLED                                
 turret_lower_right                               S3   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           Mount_Gimbal_S3_Polaris                                          Manned turrets                          
  hardpoint_class_2                               S3                                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            DISABLED                                
 Screen_Right_Bottom                              S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 Screen_Left_Bottom                               S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 Screen_Radar                                     S0                                                     Radar_Display_Screen_Template                                    DISABLED                                
 hardpoint_oc                                     S0   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           RSI_Polaris_Turret_Lighting_OC                                   Manned turrets                          
hardpoint_seataccess_turret_side_left             S0                                                     RSI_Polaris_SeatAccess_Turret_SideLeft                           UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_turret_side_right                       S5   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           RSI_Polaris_Turret_Side_Right                                    Manned turrets                          
 turret_upper_left                                S3   Turret.GunTurret                                  Mount_Gimbal_S3_Polaris                                          Weapon hardpoints                       
  hardpoint_class_2                               S3   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 turret_upper_right                               S3   Turret.GunTurret                                  Mount_Gimbal_S3_Polaris                                          Weapon hardpoints                       
  hardpoint_class_2                               S3   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 turret_lower_left                                S3   Turret.GunTurret                                  Mount_Gimbal_S3_Polaris                                          Weapon hardpoints                       
  hardpoint_class_2                               S3   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 turret_lower_right                               S3   Turret.GunTurret                                  Mount_Gimbal_S3_Polaris                                          Weapon hardpoints                       
  hardpoint_class_2                               S3   WeaponGun.Gun                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 Screen_Radar                                     S1   Display                                           Radar_Display_Screen_Template                                    UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_Right_Bottom                              S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_Left_Bottom                               S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_oc                                     S1   Room                                              RSI_Polaris_Turret_Lighting_OC                                   Rooms                                   
 turret_upper_left                                S3   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           Mount_Gimbal_S3_Polaris                                          Manned turrets                          
  hardpoint_class_2                               S3                                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            DISABLED                                
 turret_upper_right                               S3   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           Mount_Gimbal_S3_Polaris                                          Manned turrets                          
  hardpoint_class_2                               S3                                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            DISABLED                                
 turret_lower_left                                S3   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           Mount_Gimbal_S3_Polaris                                          Manned turrets                          
  hardpoint_class_2                               S3                                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            DISABLED                                
 turret_lower_right                               S3   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           Mount_Gimbal_S3_Polaris                                          Manned turrets                          
  hardpoint_class_2                               S3                                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            DISABLED                                
 Screen_Right_Bottom                              S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 Screen_Left_Bottom                               S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 Screen_Radar                                     S0                                                     Radar_Display_Screen_Template                                    DISABLED                                
 hardpoint_oc                                     S0   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           RSI_Polaris_Turret_Lighting_OC                                   Manned turrets                          
hardpoint_seataccess_turret_side_right            S0                                                     RSI_Polaris_SeatAccess_Turret_SideRight                          UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_turret_top_left                         S5   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           RSI_Polaris_Turret_Top_Left                                      Manned turrets                          
 hardpoint_weapon_left_upper                      S4   Turret.GunTurret                                  Mount_Gimbal_S4_Polaris                                          Weapon hardpoints                       
  hardpoint_class_2                               S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                     AMRS_LaserCannon_S4                                              Weapon hardpoints                       
   magazine_attach                                S0                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_weapon_right_upper                     S4   Turret.GunTurret                                  Mount_Gimbal_S4_Polaris                                          Weapon hardpoints                       
  hardpoint_class_2                               S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                     AMRS_LaserCannon_S4                                              Weapon hardpoints                       
   magazine_attach                                S0                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_Radar                                     S1   Display                                           Radar_Display_Screen_Template                                    UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_Right_Bottom                              S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_Left_Bottom                               S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_weapon_left_lower                      S4   Turret.GunTurret                                  Mount_Gimbal_S4_Polaris                                          Weapon hardpoints                       
  hardpoint_class_2                               S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                     AMRS_LaserCannon_S4                                              Weapon hardpoints                       
   magazine_attach                                S0                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_weapon_right_lower                     S4   Turret.GunTurret                                  Mount_Gimbal_S4_Polaris                                          Weapon hardpoints                       
  hardpoint_class_2                               S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                     AMRS_LaserCannon_S4                                              Weapon hardpoints                       
   magazine_attach                                S0                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_oc                                     S1   Room                                              RSI_Polaris_Turret_Lighting_OC                                   Rooms                                   
 hardpoint_weapon_left_upper                      S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                     Mount_Gimbal_S4_Polaris                                          Weapon hardpoints                       
  hardpoint_class_2                               S4                                                     AMRS_LaserCannon_S4                                              DISABLED                                
 hardpoint_weapon_right_upper                     S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                     Mount_Gimbal_S4_Polaris                                          Weapon hardpoints                       
  hardpoint_class_2                               S4                                                     AMRS_LaserCannon_S4                                              DISABLED                                
 Screen_Right_Bottom                              S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 Screen_Left_Bottom                               S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 Screen_Radar                                     S0                                                     Radar_Display_Screen_Template                                    DISABLED                                
 hardpoint_weapon_left_lower                      S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                     Mount_Gimbal_S4_Polaris                                          Weapon hardpoints                       
  hardpoint_class_2                               S4                                                     AMRS_LaserCannon_S4                                              DISABLED                                
 hardpoint_weapon_right_lower                     S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                     Mount_Gimbal_S4_Polaris                                          Weapon hardpoints                       
  hardpoint_class_2                               S4                                                     AMRS_LaserCannon_S4                                              DISABLED                                
 hardpoint_oc                                     S0   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           RSI_Polaris_Turret_Lighting_OC                                   Manned turrets                          
hardpoint_seataccess_turret_top_left              S0                                                     RSI_Polaris_SeatAccess_Turret_TopLeft                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_turret_top_right                        S5   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           RSI_Polaris_Turret_Top_Right                                     Manned turrets                          
 hardpoint_weapon_left_upper                      S4   Turret.GunTurret                                  Mount_Gimbal_S4_Polaris                                          Weapon hardpoints                       
  hardpoint_class_2                               S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                     AMRS_LaserCannon_S4                                              Weapon hardpoints                       
   magazine_attach                                S0                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_weapon_right_upper                     S4   Turret.GunTurret                                  Mount_Gimbal_S4_Polaris                                          Weapon hardpoints                       
  hardpoint_class_2                               S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                     AMRS_LaserCannon_S4                                              Weapon hardpoints                       
   magazine_attach                                S0                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_Radar                                     S1   Display                                           Radar_Display_Screen_Template                                    UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_Right_Bottom                              S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_Left_Bottom                               S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_weapon_left_lower                      S4   Turret.GunTurret                                  Mount_Gimbal_S4_Polaris                                          Weapon hardpoints                       
  hardpoint_class_2                               S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                     AMRS_LaserCannon_S4                                              Weapon hardpoints                       
   magazine_attach                                S0                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_weapon_right_lower                     S4   Turret.GunTurret                                  Mount_Gimbal_S4_Polaris                                          Weapon hardpoints                       
  hardpoint_class_2                               S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                     AMRS_LaserCannon_S4                                              Weapon hardpoints                       
   magazine_attach                                S0                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_oc                                     S1   Room                                              RSI_Polaris_Turret_Lighting_OC                                   Rooms                                   
 hardpoint_weapon_left_upper                      S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                     Mount_Gimbal_S4_Polaris                                          Weapon hardpoints                       
  hardpoint_class_2                               S4                                                     AMRS_LaserCannon_S4                                              DISABLED                                
 hardpoint_weapon_right_upper                     S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                     Mount_Gimbal_S4_Polaris                                          Weapon hardpoints                       
  hardpoint_class_2                               S4                                                     AMRS_LaserCannon_S4                                              DISABLED                                
 Screen_Right_Bottom                              S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 Screen_Left_Bottom                               S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 Screen_Radar                                     S0                                                     Radar_Display_Screen_Template                                    DISABLED                                
 hardpoint_weapon_left_lower                      S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                     Mount_Gimbal_S4_Polaris                                          Weapon hardpoints                       
  hardpoint_class_2                               S4                                                     AMRS_LaserCannon_S4                                              DISABLED                                
 hardpoint_weapon_right_lower                     S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                     Mount_Gimbal_S4_Polaris                                          Weapon hardpoints                       
  hardpoint_class_2                               S4                                                     AMRS_LaserCannon_S4                                              DISABLED                                
 hardpoint_oc                                     S0   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           RSI_Polaris_Turret_Lighting_OC                                   Manned turrets                          
hardpoint_seataccess_turret_top_right             S0                                                     RSI_Polaris_SeatAccess_Turret_TopRight                           UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_turret_lower_front                      S5   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           RSI_Polaris_Turret_Front                                         Manned turrets                          
 hardpoint_weapon_left                            S6   Turret.GunTurret                                  Mount_Gimbal_S6_Polaris                                          Weapon hardpoints                       
  hardpoint_class_2                               S6   WeaponGun.Gun                                     RSI_Bespoke_BallisticCannon_A                                    Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon_right                           S6   Turret.GunTurret                                  Mount_Gimbal_S6_Polaris                                          Weapon hardpoints                       
  hardpoint_class_2                               S6   WeaponGun.Gun                                     RSI_Bespoke_BallisticCannon_A                                    Weapon hardpoints                       
 Screen_Radar                                     S1   Display                                           Radar_Display_Screen_Template                                    UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_Right_Bottom                              S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_Left_Bottom                               S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_oc                                     S1   Room                                              RSI_Polaris_Turret_Lighting_OC                                   Rooms                                   
 hardpoint_weapon_left                            S6   WeaponGun.Gun                                     Mount_Gimbal_S6_Polaris                                          Weapon hardpoints                       
  hardpoint_class_2                               S0                                                     RSI_Bespoke_BallisticCannon_A                                    DISABLED                                
 hardpoint_weapon_right                           S6   WeaponGun.Gun                                     Mount_Gimbal_S6_Polaris                                          Weapon hardpoints                       
  hardpoint_class_2                               S0                                                     RSI_Bespoke_BallisticCannon_A                                    DISABLED                                
 Screen_Right_Bottom                              S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 Screen_Left_Bottom                               S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 Screen_Radar                                     S0                                                     Radar_Display_Screen_Template                                    DISABLED                                
 hardpoint_oc                                     S0   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           RSI_Polaris_Turret_Lighting_OC                                   Manned turrets                          
hardpoint_seataccess_turret_lower_front           S0                                                     RSI_Polaris_SeatAccess_Turret_Front                              UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seataccess_elevatordoor                 S0                                                     RSI_Polaris_Seat_Access_ExteriorDoor                             UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_copilot                            S0                                                     RSI_Polaris_CoPilot_SCItem_SeatDashboard                         UNKNOWN                                 
 Radar_Helper                                     S1   Display                                                                                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S1                                                     H_Dashboard_Projector_HUD_RSI_Polaris_CP                         UNKNOWN                                 
 rtt_screen_right                                 S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 rtt_screen_left                                  S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 rtt_annunciator_screen_pilot_right               S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_Physical_Holo                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 rtt_annunciator_screen_pilot_left                S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_Physical_Holo                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 rtt_system_screen_pilot_right                    S1   Display                                                                                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 rtt_system_screen_pilot_left                     S1   Display                                                                                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 Components_Radar_Helper                          S1   Display                                                                                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S0                                                     H_Dashboard_Projector_HUD_RSI_Polaris_CP                         DISABLED                                
 rtt_screen_right                                 S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 rtt_screen_left                                  S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 rtt_annunciator_screen_pilot_right               S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_Physical_Holo                                     DISABLED                                
 rtt_annunciator_screen_pilot_left                S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_Physical_Holo                                     DISABLED                                
 rtt_system_screen_pilot_right                    S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 rtt_system_screen_pilot_left                     S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_seataccess_copilot                      S0                                                     RSI_Polaris_Seat_Access_CoPilot                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_door_exterior_airlock_left              S1   DockingAnimator.UNDEFINED                         Door_Ship_Ext_Dam_RSI_Polaris_Airlock_Exterior_Left              UNKNOWN                                 
 control_panel_c                                  S0                                                     ControlPanel_Screen_DoorControl_9x16_Small_Polaris_Exterior      UNKNOWN                                 
 control_panel_d                                  S0                                                     ControlPanel_Screen_DoorControl_9x16_Small_Polaris_Exterior      UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_door_exterior_airlock_right             S1   DockingAnimator.UNDEFINED                         Door_Ship_Ext_Dam_RSI_Polaris_Airlock_Exterior_Right             UNKNOWN                                 
 control_panel_c                                  S0                                                     ControlPanel_Screen_DoorControl_9x16_Small_Polaris_Exterior      UNKNOWN                                 
 control_panel_d                                  S0                                                     ControlPanel_Screen_DoorControl_9x16_Small_Polaris_Exterior      UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_door_interior_airlock_left              S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    Door_RN_RoomConnector_Breachable_OpenReverse_Polaris_Airlock_InteriorDoors                                   
 hardpoint_panel_interior                         S0                                                     ControlPanel_Screen_DoorControl_9x16_Small_Polaris_Exterior      UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_panel_exterior                         S0                                                     ControlPanel_Screen_DoorControl_9x16_Small_Polaris_Exterior      UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_door_interior_airlock_right             S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    Door_RN_RoomConnector_Breachable_OpenReverse_Polaris_Airlock_InteriorDoors                                   
 hardpoint_panel_interior                         S0                                                     ControlPanel_Screen_DoorControl_9x16_Small_Polaris_Exterior      UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_panel_exterior                         S0                                                     ControlPanel_Screen_DoorControl_9x16_Small_Polaris_Exterior      UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_dockingcollar_left                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_dockingcollar_right                     S1   DockingCollar.UNDEFINED                           DockingTube_RSI_Polaris                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 itemport_vehicle_attach                          S8   NOITEM_Vehicle                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_door_hangar_fake1                       S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    Door_Ship_Exterior_RSI_Polaris_PortalToggle                      Doors                                   
hardpoint_door_hangar_fake2                       S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    Door_Ship_Exterior_RSI_Polaris_PortalToggle                      Doors                                   
hardpoint_dashboard_atc                           S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_seat_atc                                S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_seataccess_atc                          S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_quantum_drive                           S3   QuantumDrive.UNDEFINED                            QDRV_RSI_S03_Erebos_SCItem                                       UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_Jump_Drive                             S3   JumpDrive.JumpDrive                               JDRV_TARS_S03_Exodus_SCItem                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_Jump_Drive                             S3                                                     JDRV_TARS_S03_Exodus_SCItem                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_quantum_fuel_tank                       S1   QuantumFuelTank.QuantumFuel                       QTNK_RSI_Polaris                                                 Quantum fuel tanks                      
hardpoint_cargogrid_left                          S1   CargoGrid.UNDEFINED                               RSI_Polaris_CargoGrid_Main                                       UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cargogrid_right                         S1   CargoGrid.UNDEFINED                               RSI_Polaris_CargoGrid_Main                                       UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_battery_rear_pt                         S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_battery_rear_sb                         S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_battery_nose_sb                         S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_battery_nose_pt                         S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_avionics_nose_pt_01                     S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_avionics_nose_pt_02                     S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_avionics_nose_sb_01                     S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_avionics_nose_sb_02                     S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_gravgen                                 S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_life_support                            S4   LifeSupportGenerator.UNDEFINED                    LFSP_S04_RSI_Polaris                                             UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_01                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_02                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_03                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_dummy_power_state                       S0                                                     RSI_Polaris_Dummy_Power_Checker                                  DISABLED                                
hardpoint_remote_turret_interior_tractor          S4   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           RSI_Polaris_SCItem_Remote_Turret_Tractor                         Utility hardpoints                      
 turret_left                                      S2   TractorBeam                                                                                                        UNKNOWN                                 
 turret_left                                      S0   TurretBase.MannedTurret                                                                                            Manned turrets                          
hardpoint_console_interior_tractor                S1   Seat.UNDEFINED                                    RSI_Polaris_Tractor_Console                                      Utility hardpoints                      
 mesh_screen_01                                   S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 mesh_screen_01                                   S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
hardpoint_seataccess_console_interior_tractor     S0                                                     RSI_Polaris_SeatAccess_Tractor_Console                           Utility hardpoints                      
hardpoint_controller_weapon_tractor_turret        S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                Utility hardpoints                      
hardpoint_controller_salvage_tractor_turret       S0                                                     Controller_Salvage_TractorBeamOnly                               Utility hardpoints                      
hardpoint_relay_nose_components                   S1   Relay.UNDEFINED                                   RELAY_3slot                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_01                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_02                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_03                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_relay_nose_turret                       S1   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           RELAY_2slot                                                      Manned turrets                          
 $slot_fuse_01                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_02                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_relay_neckfront_corridor                S1   Relay.UNDEFINED                                   RELAY_3slot                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_01                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_02                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_03                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_relay_neckrear_crewhabs                 S1   Relay.UNDEFINED                                   RELAY_1slot                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_01                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_relay_neckrear_crewrec                  S1   Relay.UNDEFINED                                   RELAY_1slot                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_01                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_relay_neckrear_torpedoloading           S1   Relay.UNDEFINED                                   RELAY_2slot                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_01                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_02                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_relay_hangar_corridorpt                 S1   Relay.UNDEFINED                                   RELAY_1slot                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_01                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_relay_hangar_corridorsb                 S1   Relay.UNDEFINED                                   RELAY_1slot                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_01                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_relay_hangar_lowerengpt                 S1   Relay.UNDEFINED                                   RELAY_3slot                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_01                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_02                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_03                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_relay_hangar_lowerengsb                 S1   Relay.UNDEFINED                                   RELAY_3slot                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_01                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_02                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_03                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_relay_rear_engpt                        S1   Relay.UNDEFINED                                   RELAY_3slot                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_01                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_02                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_03                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_relay_rear_engsb                        S1   Relay.UNDEFINED                                   RELAY_3slot                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_01                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_02                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_03                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_lifesupport_tank                        S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_engineeringscreen                       S1   SeatDashboard.UNDEFINED                           SoftLock_EngineeringScreen_PolarisScaled                         UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_engineeringscreen_2                     S1   SeatDashboard.UNDEFINED                           SoftLock_EngineeringScreen_PolarisScaled                         UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_engineeringscreen_3                     S1   SeatDashboard.UNDEFINED                           SoftLock_EngineeringScreen_PolarisScaled                         UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_engineeringscreen_4                     S1   SeatDashboard.UNDEFINED                           SoftLock_EngineeringScreen_PolarisScaled                         UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_engineeringscreen_5                     S1   SeatDashboard.UNDEFINED                           SoftLock_EngineeringScreen_PolarisScaled                         UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_pdc_top_01                              S2   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           Turret_PDC_BEHR_A                                                Manned turrets                          
 hardpoint_turret_weapon                          S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     BEHR_LaserRepeater_PDC_S1                                        Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_pdc_wcontroller_top_01                  S0                                                     Controller_Weapon_PDC                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_pdc_aimodule_top_01                     S1   AIModule.UNDEFINED                                AIModule_Unmanned_PU_PDC                                         UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_pdc_top_02                              S2   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           Turret_PDC_BEHR_A                                                Manned turrets                          
 hardpoint_turret_weapon                          S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     BEHR_LaserRepeater_PDC_S1                                        Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_pdc_wcontroller_top_02                  S0                                                     Controller_Weapon_PDC                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_pdc_aimodule_top_02                     S1   AIModule.UNDEFINED                                AIModule_Unmanned_PU_PDC                                         UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_pdc_top_03                              S2   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           Turret_PDC_BEHR_A                                                Manned turrets                          
 hardpoint_turret_weapon                          S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     BEHR_LaserRepeater_PDC_S1                                        Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_pdc_wcontroller_top_03                  S0                                                     Controller_Weapon_PDC                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_pdc_aimodule_top_03                     S1   AIModule.UNDEFINED                                AIModule_Unmanned_PU_PDC                                         UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_pdc_bottom_01                           S2   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           Turret_PDC_BEHR_A                                                Manned turrets                          
 hardpoint_turret_weapon                          S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     BEHR_LaserRepeater_PDC_S1                                        Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_pdc_wcontroller_bottom_01               S0                                                     Controller_Weapon_PDC                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_pdc_aimodule_bottom_01                  S1   AIModule.UNDEFINED                                AIModule_Unmanned_PU_PDC                                         UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_pdc_bottom_02                           S2   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           Turret_PDC_BEHR_A                                                Manned turrets                          
 hardpoint_turret_weapon                          S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     BEHR_LaserRepeater_PDC_S1                                        Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_pdc_wcontroller_bottom_02               S0                                                     Controller_Weapon_PDC                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_pdc_aimodule_bottom_02                  S1   AIModule.UNDEFINED                                AIModule_Unmanned_PU_PDC                                         UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_pdc_bottom_03                           S2   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           Turret_PDC_BEHR_A                                                Manned turrets                          
 hardpoint_turret_weapon                          S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     BEHR_LaserRepeater_PDC_S1                                        Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_pdc_wcontroller_bottom_03               S0                                                     Controller_Weapon_PDC                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_pdc_aimodule_bottom_03                  S1   AIModule.UNDEFINED                                AIModule_Unmanned_PU_PDC                                         UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_pdc_bottom_04                           S2   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           Turret_PDC_BEHR_A                                                Manned turrets                          
 hardpoint_turret_weapon                          S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     BEHR_LaserRepeater_PDC_S1                                        Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_pdc_wcontroller_bottom_04               S0                                                     Controller_Weapon_PDC                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_pdc_aimodule_bottom_04                  S1   AIModule.UNDEFINED                                AIModule_Unmanned_PU_PDC                                         UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_copilot_weapon_controller               S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_copilot_turret_hangar                   S4   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           RSI_Polaris_SCItem_Remote_Turret_HangarCam                       Manned turrets                          
hardpoint_door_blast_fore                         S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    Door_RSI_Polaris_BlastShield                                     Doors                                   
hardpoint_door_blast_aft                          S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    Door_RSI_Polaris_BlastShield                                     Doors                                   
hardpoint_door_blast_port                         S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    Door_RSI_Polaris_BlastShield                                     Doors                                   
hardpoint_door_blast_stbd                         S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    Door_RSI_Polaris_BlastShield                                     Doors                                   

