RSI_Mantis
hardpoint_paint                                   S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_seat_access                             S0                                                     RSI_Mantis_SeatAccess                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_pilot                              S0                                                     RSI_Mantis_Seat_Pilot                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_cockpit_radar                          S1   Display                                           Radar_Display_Mantis                                             UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S1                                                     H_Dashboard_Projector_HUD_RSI_Mantis                             UNKNOWN                                 
 rtt_screen_top_right                             S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 rtt_screen_top_left                              S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 rtt_screen_bottom_right                          S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 rtt_screen_bottom_left                           S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_cockpit_radar                          S0                                                     Radar_Display_Mantis                                             DISABLED                                
 Display_HUD                                      S0                                                     H_Dashboard_Projector_HUD_RSI_Mantis                             DISABLED                                
 rtt_screen_top_right                             S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 rtt_screen_top_left                              S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 rtt_screen_bottom_right                          S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 rtt_screen_bottom_left                           S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
hardpoint_self_destruct_pilot                     S1   SelfDestruct.UNDEFINED                            VHCL_SelfDestruct_30s                                            Self destruct                           
hardpoint_controller_door                         S0                                                     Controller_Door                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_light                        S0                                                     Controller_Light                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_energy                       S0                                                     Controller_Energy                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_power_plant                             S1   PowerPlant.Power                                  POWR_AEGS_S01_Regulus_SCItem                                     Power plants                            
hardpoint_controller_cooler                       S0                                                     Controller_Cooler                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cooler_left                             S1   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_AEGS_S01_Bracer_SCItem                                      Coolers                                 
hardpoint_cooler_right                            S1   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_AEGS_S01_Bracer_SCItem                                      Coolers                                 
hardpoint_controller_comms                        S0                                                     Controller_Comms                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_shield                       S0                                                     Controller_Shield_RSI_Mantis                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_shield_generator_left                   S1   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_GODI_S01_AllStop_SCItem                                     Shield generators                       
hardpoint_shield_generator_right                  S1   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_GODI_S01_AllStop_SCItem                                     Shield generators                       
hardpoint_armor                                   S1   Armor.Medium                                      ARMR_RSI_Mantis                                                  Armor                                   
hardpoint_controller_flight                       S0                                                     Controller_Flight_RSI_Mantis                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_radar                                   S1                                                     RADR_GRNP_S01_Ecouter                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_scanner                                 S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_ping                                    S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_thruster_main_left                      S2   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        RSI_Mantis_Thruster_Main                                         Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_main_right                     S2   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        RSI_Mantis_Thruster_Main                                         Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_retro_left                     S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   RSI_Mantis_Thruster_Retro                                        Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_retro_right                    S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   RSI_Mantis_Thruster_Retro                                        Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_mav_left_front_top             S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   RSI_Mantis_Thruster_Mav_Joint                                    Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_left_front_bot             S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   RSI_Mantis_Thruster_Mav_Joint                                    Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_left_rear_top              S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   RSI_Mantis_Thruster_Mav_Joint                                    Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_left_rear_bot              S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   RSI_Mantis_Thruster_Mav_Joint                                    Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_right_front_top            S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   RSI_Mantis_Thruster_Mav_Joint                                    Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_right_front_bot            S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   RSI_Mantis_Thruster_Mav_Joint                                    Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_right_rear_top             S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   RSI_Mantis_Thruster_Mav_Joint                                    Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_right_rear_bot             S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   RSI_Mantis_Thruster_Mav_Joint                                    Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_fuel_intake_left                        S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_RSI_Mantis                                                  Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_intake_right                       S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_RSI_Mantis                                                  Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_tank_left                          S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_RSI_Mantis                                                  Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_fuel_tank_right                         S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_RSI_Mantis                                                  Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_quantum_drive                           S1   QuantumDrive.UNDEFINED                            QDRV_WETK_S01_Beacon_SCItem                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_Jump_Drive                             S1   JumpDrive.JumpDrive                               JDRV_TARS_S01_Explorer_SCItem                                    UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_jump_drive                             S1                                                     JDRV_TARS_S01_Explorer_SCItem                                    DISABLED                                
hardpoint_quantum_fuel_tank                       S1   QuantumFuelTank.QuantumFuel                       QTNK_RSI_Mantis                                                  Quantum fuel tanks                      
landingpad_helper                                 S1   LandingSystem.UNDEFINED                           Default_LandingSystem                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_weapon                       S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_weapon_left                             S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_weapon_right                            S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_missiles_wing_left                      S3   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S03_BEHR_Dual_S02                                           Missile racks                           
 missile_01_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_EM_TALN_Dominator                                       Missiles                                
 missile_02_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_EM_TALN_Dominator                                       Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_EM_TALN_Dominator                                       DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_EM_TALN_Dominator                                       DISABLED                                
hardpoint_missiles_wing_right                     S3   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S03_BEHR_Dual_S02                                           Missile racks                           
 missile_01_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          Missiles                                
 missile_02_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
hardpoint_interdiction_device                     S3   QuantumInterdictionGenerator.UNDEFINED            QED_WETK_S03_Reynie                                              QIG hardpoints                          
hardpoint_countermeasure_launcher_left            S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            RSI_Mantis_CML_Flare                                             Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_countermeasure_launcher_right           S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            RSI_Mantis_CML_Chaff                                             Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_door_lift                               S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    Door_RN_RoomConnector_Breachable_OpenReverse_Mantis              Doors                                   
hardpoint_controller_missile                      S0                                                     Controller_Missile                                               UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_lifesupport                             S1   LifeSupportGenerator.UNDEFINED                    LFSP_TYDT_S01_ComfortAir                                         UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_01                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_02                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_03                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_capacitor_assignment         S0                                                     Controller_CapacitorAssignment                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_fuel                         S0                                                     Controller_Fuel                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_fuel_port                               S1   DockingCollar.UNDEFINED                           DockingTube_Fuel_Ports_RSI_Mantis                                UNKNOWN                                 
 itemport_vehicle_attach                          S8   NOITEM_Vehicle                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_air_traffic_controller                  S0                                                     RSI_Mantis_ShipATCDataManager                                    UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cockpit_flair_hang                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_relay_interior                          S1   Relay.UNDEFINED                                   RELAY_2slot                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_01                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_02                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 

