RSI_Constellation_Aquila_Unmanned_Salvage
hardpoint_paint                                   S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_seat_access                             S0                                                     RSI_Constellation_SCItem_Seat_Access_Pilot                       UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_access_copilot_left                S0                                                     RSI_Constellation_SCItem_Seat_Access_CoPilot_Left                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_access_copilot_right               S0                                                     RSI_Constellation_SCItem_Seat_Access_CoPilot_Right               UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_pilot                              S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 hardpoint_cockpit_radar                          S0                                                     Radar_Display_Constellation                                      DISABLED                                
 Display_HUD                                      S0                                                     H_Dashboard_Projector_HUD_RSI_Constellation                      DISABLED                                
 screen_pilot_outer_right                         S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 screen_pilot_outer_left                          S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 screen_pilot_arm_right                           S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 screen_pilot_arm_left                            S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 Screen_Annunciator_Left                          S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_Physical                                          DISABLED                                
 Screen_Annunciator_Right                         S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_Physical                                          DISABLED                                
hardpoint_seat_copilot_left                       S0                                                     RSI_Constellation_SCItem_Seat_CoPilot_Left                       UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_cockpit_radar                          S1   Display                                                                                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S1                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 screen_co-pilot_left_bottom                      S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 screen_co-pilot_left_bottom                      S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
hardpoint_seat_copilot_right                      S0                                                     RSI_Constellation_SCItem_Seat_CoPilot_Right                      UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_cockpit_radar                          S1   Display                                                                                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S1                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 screen_co-pilot_right_bottom                     S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 screen_co-pilot_right_bottom                     S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
hardpoint_cockpit_selfdestruct                    S1   SelfDestruct.UNDEFINED                            VHCL_SelfDestruct_30s                                            Self destruct                           
hardpoint_escape_pod_left_bottom                  S0                                                     RSI_Constellation_SCItem_Seat_EscapePod_LeftLower                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_escape_pod_left_top                     S0                                                     RSI_Constellation_SCItem_Seat_EscapePod_LeftUpper                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_escape_pod_right_bottom                 S0                                                     RSI_Constellation_SCItem_Seat_EscapePod_RightLower               UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_escape_pod_right_top                    S0                                                     RSI_Constellation_SCItem_Seat_EscapePod_RightUpper               UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_door                         S0                                                     Controller_Door                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_light                        S0                                                     Controller_Light                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_comms                        S0                                                     Controller_Comms                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_energy                       S0                                                     Controller_Energy                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_powerplant_left                         S2   PowerPlant.Power                                  POWR_SASU_S02_DayBreak_SCItem                                    Power plants                            
hardpoint_powerplant_right                        S2   PowerPlant.Power                                  POWR_SASU_S02_DayBreak_SCItem                                    Power plants                            
hardpoint_controller_cooler                       S0                                                     Controller_Cooler                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cooler_left                             S2   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_JSPN_S02_FrostStarEX_SCItem                                 Coolers                                 
hardpoint_cooler_right                            S2   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_JSPN_S02_FrostStarEX_SCItem                                 Coolers                                 
hardpoint_controller_shield                       S0                                                     Controller_Shield_RSI_Constellation                              UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_shield_generator                        S3   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_BEHR_S03_5CA_SCItem                                         Shield generators                       
hardpoint_armor                                   S1   Armor.Medium                                      ARMR_RSI_Constellation_Andromeda                                 Armor                                   
hardpoint_controller_flight                       S0                                                     Controller_Flight_RSI_Constellation_Aquila                       UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_radar                                   S2                                                     RADR_WLOP_S02_Chernykh                                           UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_fuel_tank_left                          S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_RSI_Constellation_Aquila                                    Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_fuel_tank_right                         S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_RSI_Constellation_Aquila                                    Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_fuel_intake_top_left                    S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_RSI_Constellation_Aquila                                    Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_intake_top_right                   S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_RSI_Constellation_Aquila                                    Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_intake_bottom_left                 S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_RSI_Constellation_Aquila                                    Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_intake_bottom_right                S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_RSI_Constellation_Aquila                                    Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_quantum_drive                           S2   QuantumDrive.UNDEFINED                            QDRV_JUST_S02_Bolon_SCItem                                       UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_Jump_Drive                             S2   JumpDrive.JumpDrive                               JDRV_TARS_S02_Excelsior_SCItem                                   UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_jump_drive                             S2                                                     JDRV_TARS_S02_Excelsior_SCItem                                   DISABLED                                
hardpoint_quantum_fuel_tank                       S1   QuantumFuelTank.QuantumFuel                       QTNK_RSI_Constellation_Aquila                                    Quantum fuel tanks                      
hardpoint_engine_top_left                         S5   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        RSI_Constellation_Aquila_Thruster_Main                           Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_engine_top_right                        S5   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        RSI_Constellation_Aquila_Thruster_Main                           Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_engine_bottom_left                      S5   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        RSI_Constellation_Aquila_Thruster_Main                           Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_engine_bottom_right                     S5   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        RSI_Constellation_Aquila_Thruster_Main                           Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_retro_top_left                          S5   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        RSI_Constellation_Aquila_Thruster_Retro                          Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_retro_top_right                         S5   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        RSI_Constellation_Aquila_Thruster_Retro                          Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_retro_bottom_left                       S5   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        RSI_Constellation_Aquila_Thruster_Retro                          Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_retro_bottom_right                      S5   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        RSI_Constellation_Aquila_Thruster_Retro                          Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_top_front_left                 S3   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   RSI_Constellation_Aquila_Thruster_Mav_Joint                      Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_top_front_right                S3   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   RSI_Constellation_Aquila_Thruster_Mav_Joint                      Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_top_back_left                  S3   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   RSI_Constellation_Aquila_Thruster_Mav_Joint                      Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_top_back_right                 S3   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   RSI_Constellation_Aquila_Thruster_Mav_Joint                      Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_center_front_left              S3   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   RSI_Constellation_Aquila_Thruster_Mav_Joint                      Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_center_front_right             S3   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   RSI_Constellation_Aquila_Thruster_Mav_Joint                      Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_center_back_left               S3   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   RSI_Constellation_Aquila_Thruster_Mav_Joint                      Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_center_back_right              S3   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   RSI_Constellation_Aquila_Thruster_Mav_Joint                      Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_bottom_front_left              S3   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   RSI_Constellation_Aquila_Thruster_Mav_Joint                      Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_bottom_front_right             S3   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   RSI_Constellation_Aquila_Thruster_Mav_Joint                      Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_bottom_back_left               S3   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   RSI_Constellation_Aquila_Thruster_Mav_Joint                      Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_bottom_back_right              S3   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   RSI_Constellation_Aquila_Thruster_Mav_Joint                      Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_vtol_front_left_01             S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   RSI_Constellation_Aquila_Thruster_Turbine_Front                  VTOL thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_vtol_front_left_02             S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   RSI_Constellation_Aquila_Thruster_Turbine_Front                  VTOL thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_vtol_front_right_01            S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   RSI_Constellation_Aquila_Thruster_Turbine_Front                  VTOL thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_vtol_front_right_02            S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   RSI_Constellation_Aquila_Thruster_Turbine_Front                  VTOL thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_vtol_rear_left_01              S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   RSI_Constellation_Aquila_Thruster_Turbine_Rear                   VTOL thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_vtol_rear_left_02              S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   RSI_Constellation_Aquila_Thruster_Turbine_Rear                   VTOL thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_vtol_rear_right_01             S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   RSI_Constellation_Aquila_Thruster_Turbine_Rear                   VTOL thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_vtol_rear_right_02             S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   RSI_Constellation_Aquila_Thruster_Turbine_Rear                   VTOL thrusters                          
landingpad_helper                                 S1   LandingSystem.UNDEFINED                           Default_LandingSystem                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_weapon                       S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_gun_laser_top_left                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 hardpoint_class_2                                S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_gun_laser_top_right                     S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 hardpoint_class_2                                S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_gun_laser_bottom_left                   S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 hardpoint_class_2                                S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_gun_laser_bottom_right                  S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 hardpoint_class_2                                S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_turret_seataccess                       S0                                                     RSI_Constellation_SCItem_Seat_Access_Turret                      UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_turret_base_upper                       S0                                                     RSI_Constellation_Aquila_SCItem_Turret_Radar                     UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_Radar                                     S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_Right_Top                                 S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_Right_Bottom                              S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_Turret_HUD                                S1   Display                                           Radar_Display_Screen_Template                                    UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_Radar                                     S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 Screen_Right_Top                                 S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 Screen_Right_Bottom                              S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 Screen_Turret_HUD                                S0                                                     Radar_Display_Screen_Template                                    DISABLED                                
hardpoint_turret_base_lower                       S0   TurretBase.MannedTurret                                                                                            Manned turrets                          
 hardpoint_weapon_left                            S3   WeaponGun.Gun                                     Mount_Gimbal_S3                                                  Weapon hardpoints                       
  hardpoint_class_2                               S3                                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            DISABLED                                
 hardpoint_weapon_right                           S3   WeaponGun.Gun                                     Mount_Gimbal_S3                                                  Weapon hardpoints                       
  hardpoint_class_2                               S3                                                     KLWE_LaserRepeater_S3                                            DISABLED                                
 Screen_Radar                                     S0                                                     Radar_Display_Screen_Template                                    DISABLED                                
 Screen_Right_Top                                 S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
 Screen_Right_Bottom                              S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD                                               DISABLED                                
hardpoint_missilerack_top_left_front              S5   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S05_RSI_Constellation                                       Missile racks                           
 missile_attach_01                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     Missiles                                
 missile_attach_02                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     Missiles                                
 missile_attach_03                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     Missiles                                
 missile_attach_04                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     Missiles                                
 missile_attach_05                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     Missiles                                
 missile_attach_06                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     Missiles                                
 missile_attach_01                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     DISABLED                                
 missile_attach_02                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     DISABLED                                
 missile_attach_03                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     DISABLED                                
 missile_attach_04                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     DISABLED                                
 missile_attach_05                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     DISABLED                                
 missile_attach_06                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     DISABLED                                
hardpoint_missilerack_top_left_rear               S5   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S05_RSI_Constellation                                       Missile racks                           
 missile_attach_01                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     Missiles                                
 missile_attach_02                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     Missiles                                
 missile_attach_03                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     Missiles                                
 missile_attach_04                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     Missiles                                
 missile_attach_05                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     Missiles                                
 missile_attach_06                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     Missiles                                
 missile_attach_01                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     DISABLED                                
 missile_attach_02                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     DISABLED                                
 missile_attach_03                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     DISABLED                                
 missile_attach_04                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     DISABLED                                
 missile_attach_05                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     DISABLED                                
 missile_attach_06                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     DISABLED                                
hardpoint_missilerack_top_right_front             S5   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S05_RSI_Constellation                                       Missile racks                           
 missile_attach_01                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     Missiles                                
 missile_attach_02                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     Missiles                                
 missile_attach_03                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     Missiles                                
 missile_attach_04                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     Missiles                                
 missile_attach_05                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     Missiles                                
 missile_attach_06                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     Missiles                                
 missile_attach_01                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     DISABLED                                
 missile_attach_02                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     DISABLED                                
 missile_attach_03                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     DISABLED                                
 missile_attach_04                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     DISABLED                                
 missile_attach_05                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     DISABLED                                
 missile_attach_06                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     DISABLED                                
hardpoint_missilerack_top_right_rear              S5   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S05_RSI_Constellation                                       Missile racks                           
 missile_attach_01                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     Missiles                                
 missile_attach_02                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     Missiles                                
 missile_attach_03                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     Missiles                                
 missile_attach_04                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     Missiles                                
 missile_attach_05                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     Missiles                                
 missile_attach_06                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     Missiles                                
 missile_attach_01                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     DISABLED                                
 missile_attach_02                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     DISABLED                                
 missile_attach_03                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     DISABLED                                
 missile_attach_04                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     DISABLED                                
 missile_attach_05                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     DISABLED                                
 missile_attach_06                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_THCN_StrikeForce                                     DISABLED                                
hardpoint_cm_launcher_right_top                   S2   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            RSI_Constellation_CML_Decoy                                      Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_cm_launcher_left_top                    S2   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            RSI_Constellation_CML_Noise                                      Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_cargo_bay                               S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_door_elevator                           S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_door_airlock_body_left                  S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_door_airlock_body_right                 S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_door_airlock_neck_top                   S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_weapon_rack                             S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     Weapon_Rack_RSI_Constellation_2_Slots                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 $proxy_weapon_01                                 S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $proxy_weapon_02                                 S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_docking_collar_merlin                   S1   DockingCollar.UNDEFINED                           RSI_Constellation_Rear_DockingTube                               UNKNOWN                                 
 itemport_vehicle_attach                          S8   NOITEM_Vehicle                                    KRIG_P52_Merlin                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
  hardpoint_controller_fuel                       S1                                                     Controller_Fuel                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
  hardpoint_fuel_port                             S1   DockingCollar                                     DockingTube_Fuel_Ports_KRIG_P52_Merlin                           UNKNOWN                                 
   itemport_vehicle_attach                        S8   NOITEM_Vehicle                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
  hardpoint_air_traffic_controller                S1   AirTrafficController                              KRIG_P52_Merlin_ATCDataManager                                   UNKNOWN                                 
  hardpoint_relay_cockpit                         S1   Relay                                             RELAY_2slot                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
   $slot_fuse_01                                  S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
   $slot_fuse_02                                  S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
  hardpoint_lifesupport                           S0   LifeSupportGenerator                              LFSP_TYDT_S00_ComfortAirLite                                     UNKNOWN                                 
   $slot_01                                       S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
   $slot_02                                       S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
   $slot_03                                       S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
 itemport_vehicle_attach                          S0                                                     KRIG_P52_Merlin                                                  DISABLED                                
hardpoint_merlin_dock_door                        S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_controller_missile                      S0                                                     Controller_Missile                                               UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_air_traffic_controller                  S0                                                     RSI_Constellation_Andromeda_ShipATCDataManager                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_capacitor_assignment         S0                                                     Controller_CapacitorAssignment                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_fuel                         S0                                                     Controller_Fuel                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_fuel_port                               S1   DockingCollar.UNDEFINED                           DockingTube_Fuel_Ports_RSI_Constellation_Aquila                  UNKNOWN                                 
 itemport_vehicle_attach                          S8   NOITEM_Vehicle                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cockpit_flair                           S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_cockpit_flair_hang                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_relay_cockpit                           S1   Relay.UNDEFINED                                   RELAY_2slot                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_01                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_02                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_relay_engineering                       S1   Relay.UNDEFINED                                   RELAY_2slot                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_01                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_02                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_engineeringscreen                       S0                                                     SoftLock_EngineeringScreen_Template                              DISABLED                                
hardpoint_life_support                            S3   LifeSupportGenerator.UNDEFINED                    LFSP_TYDT_S03_ComfortAirMax                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_01                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_02                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_03                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 

