VNCL_Glaive
hardpoint_seat_pilot                              S0                                                     VNCL_Scythe_SCItem_Seat_Pilot                                    UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S1                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_access                             S0                                                     VNCL_Scythe_SeatAccess                                           UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_dashboard_pilot                         S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 hardpoint_cockpit_radar                          S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 Display_HUD                                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 Screen_Left_Lower                                S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 Screen_Left_Upper                                S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 Screen_Right_Lower                               S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 Screen_Right_Upper                               S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 Screen_Annunciator_Left                          S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 Screen_Annunciator_Right                         S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_cockpit_radar                           S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_cockpit_selfdestruct                    S1   SelfDestruct.UNDEFINED                            VHCL_SelfDestruct_10s                                            Self destruct                           
hardpoint_controller_door                         S0                                                     Controller_Door                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_light                        S0                                                     Controller_Light                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_comms                        S0                                                     Controller_Comms                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_energy                       S0                                                     Controller_Energy                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_powerplant_left                         S1   PowerPlant.Power                                  POWR_AEGS_S01_FierellCascade_SCItem                              Power plants                            
hardpoint_controller_cooler                       S0                                                     Controller_Cooler                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cooler_left                             S1   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_AEGS_S01_Bracer_SCItem                                      Coolers                                 
hardpoint_cooler_right                            S1   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_AEGS_S01_Bracer_SCItem                                      Coolers                                 
hardpoint_controller_flight                       S0                                                     Controller_Flight_VNCL_Glaive                                    UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_radar                                   S1                                                     RADR_GRNP_S01_Ecouter                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_scanner                                 S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_ping                                    S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_fuel_tank_left                          S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_VNCL_Glaive                                                 Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_fuel_tank_right                         S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_VNCL_Glaive                                                 Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_fuel_intake_left                        S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_VNCL_Glaive                                                 Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_intake_right                       S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_VNCL_Glaive                                                 Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_quantum_drive                           S1   QuantumDrive.UNDEFINED                            QDRV_WETK_S01_Beacon_SCItem                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_Jump_Drive                             S1   JumpDrive.JumpDrive                               JDRV_TARS_S01_Explorer_SCItem                                    UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_jump_drive                             S1                                                     JDRV_TARS_S01_Explorer_SCItem                                    DISABLED                                
hardpoint_quantum_fuel_tank                       S1   QuantumFuelTank.QuantumFuel                       QTNK_VNCL_Glaive                                                 Quantum fuel tanks                      
hardpoint_controller_shield                       S0                                                     Controller_Shield_VNCL_Glaive                                    UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_shield_generator                        S1   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_GODI_S01_AllStop_SCItem                                     Shield generators                       
hardpoint_shield_generator_02                     S1   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_GODI_S01_AllStop_SCItem                                     Shield generators                       
hardpoint_armour                                  S1   Armor.Medium                                      ARMR_VNCL_Glaive                                                 Armor                                   
hardpoint_engine_left                             S3   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        VNCL_Glaive_Thruster_Main_Fixed                                  Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_engine_right                            S3   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        VNCL_Glaive_Thruster_Main_Fixed                                  Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_top_back_left_joint            S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   VNCL_Glaive_Thruster_Aux_Joint                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_top_back_right_joint           S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   VNCL_Glaive_Thruster_Aux_Joint                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_bottom_back_left_joint         S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   VNCL_Glaive_Thruster_Aux_Joint                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_bottom_back_right_joint        S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   VNCL_Glaive_Thruster_Aux_Joint                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_bottom_front_left_joint        S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   VNCL_Glaive_Thruster_bottom_front                                Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_bottom_front_right_joint       S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   VNCL_Glaive_Thruster_bottom_front                                Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_top_front_left_fixed           S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   VNCL_Glaive_Thruster_top_front                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_top_front_right_fixed          S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   VNCL_Glaive_Thruster_top_front                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_side_front_left_fixed          S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   VNCL_Glaive_Thruster_side_left                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_side_front_right_fixed         S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   VNCL_Glaive_Thruster_side_right                                  Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_side_back_left_fixed           S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   VNCL_Glaive_Thruster_side_left                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_side_back_right_fixed          S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   VNCL_Glaive_Thruster_side_right                                  Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_retro_left                     S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   VNCL_Glaive_Thruster_Retro_Fixed_Left                            Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_retro_right                    S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   VNCL_Glaive_Thruster_Retro_Fixed_Right                           Retro thrusters                         
landingpad_helper                                 S1   LandingSystem.UNDEFINED                           Default_LandingSystem                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_weapon                       S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_gun_nose_left                           S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_gun_nose_right                          S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_gun_wing_left                           S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_gun_wing_right                          S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_missile_rack_left                       S4   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S04_VNCL_Quad_S02                                           Missile racks                           
 missile_01_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_VNCL_Bullet                                          Missiles                                
 missile_02_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_VNCL_Bullet                                          Missiles                                
 missile_03_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_VNCL_Bullet                                          Missiles                                
 missile_04_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_VNCL_Bullet                                          Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_VNCL_Bullet                                          DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_VNCL_Bullet                                          DISABLED                                
 missile_03_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_VNCL_Bullet                                          DISABLED                                
 missile_04_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_VNCL_Bullet                                          DISABLED                                
hardpoint_missile_rack_right                      S4   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S04_VNCL_Quad_S02                                           Missile racks                           
 missile_01_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_VNCL_Bullet                                          Missiles                                
 missile_02_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_VNCL_Bullet                                          Missiles                                
 missile_03_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_VNCL_Bullet                                          Missiles                                
 missile_04_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_VNCL_Bullet                                          Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_VNCL_Bullet                                          DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_VNCL_Bullet                                          DISABLED                                
 missile_03_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_VNCL_Bullet                                          DISABLED                                
 missile_04_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_VNCL_Bullet                                          DISABLED                                
hardpoint_blade_wing_right                        S1   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       VNCL_MissileRack_Blade                                           Missile racks                           
hardpoint_countermeasures_right                   S2   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            VNCL_CML_Flare                                                   Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_countermeasures_left                    S2   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            VNCL_CML_Chaff                                                   Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_controller_missile                      S0                                                     Controller_Missile                                               UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_capacitor_assignment         S0                                                     Controller_CapacitorAssignment                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_fuel                         S0                                                     Controller_Fuel                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_fuel_port                               S1   DockingCollar.UNDEFINED                           DockingTube_Fuel_Ports_VNCL_Glaive                               UNKNOWN                                 
 itemport_vehicle_attach                          S8   NOITEM_Vehicle                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_air_traffic_controller                  S0                                                     VNCL_Glaive_ShipATCDataManager                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cockpit_flair_hang                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_relay_cockpit                           S1   Relay.UNDEFINED                                   RELAY_3slot                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_01                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_02                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_03                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_lifesupport                             S1   LifeSupportGenerator.UNDEFINED                    LFSP_TYDT_S01_ComfortAir                                         UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_01                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_02                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_03                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 

