VNCL_Blade
hardpoint_controller_flight                       S0                                                     Controller_Flight_VNCL_Blade                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_pilot                              S0                                                     VNCL_Blade_SCItem_Seat_Pilot                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_access                             S0                                                     VNCL_Blade_SeatAccess                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_dashboard_pilot                         S0                                                     VNCL_Blade_SCItem_Dashboard_Pilot                                UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_cockpit_radar                          S1   Display                                                                                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S1                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_MFD_Right                                 S1   Display                                                                                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_MFD_Left                                  S1   Display                                                                                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_Support_Right                             S1   Display                                                                                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_Support_Left                              S1   Display                                                                                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_Annunciator                               S1   Display                                                                                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_cockpit_radar                          S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 Display_HUD                                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 Screen_MFD_Right                                 S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 Screen_MFD_Left                                  S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 Screen_Support_Right                             S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 Screen_Support_Left                              S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 Screen_Annunciator                               S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_controller_door                         S0                                                     Controller_Door                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_selfdestruct                            S1   SelfDestruct.UNDEFINED                            VHCL_SelfDestruct_10s                                            Self destruct                           
hardpoint_radar                                   S1                                                     RADR_GRNP_S01_Ecouter                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_scanner                                 S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_ping                                    S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_controller_energy                       S0                                                     Controller_Energy                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_powerplant                              S1   PowerPlant.Power                                  POWR_AEGS_S01_Charger_SCItem                                     Power plants                            
hardpoint_fuel_tank                               S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_VNCL_Blade                                                  Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_fuel_intake_left                        S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_VNCL_Blade                                                  Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_intake_right                       S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_VNCL_Blade                                                  Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_controller_cooler                       S0                                                     Controller_Cooler                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cooler_left                             S1   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_ACOM_S01_IcePlunge_SCItem                                   Coolers                                 
hardpoint_cooler_right                            S1   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_ACOM_S01_IcePlunge_SCItem                                   Coolers                                 
hardpoint_quantum_drive                           S1   QuantumDrive.UNDEFINED                            QDRV_ARCC_S01_Rush_SCItem                                        UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_Jump_Drive                             S1   JumpDrive.JumpDrive                               JDRV_TARS_S01_Explorer_SCItem                                    UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_jump_drive                             S1                                                     JDRV_TARS_S01_Explorer_SCItem                                    DISABLED                                
hardpoint_quantum_fuel_tank                       S1   QuantumFuelTank.QuantumFuel                       QTNK_VNCL_Blade                                                  Quantum fuel tanks                      
hardpoint_controller_light                        S0                                                     Controller_Light                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_comms                        S0                                                     Controller_Comms                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_shield                       S0                                                     Controller_Shield_VNCL_Blade                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_shield_generator                        S1   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_GODI_S01_AllStop_SCItem                                     Shield generators                       
hardpoint_shield_generator_2                      S1   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_GODI_S01_AllStop_SCItem                                     Shield generators                       
hardpoint_armour                                  S1   Armor.Medium                                      ARMR_VNCL_Blade                                                  Armor                                   
hardpoint_engine_central                          S3   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        VNCL_Blade_Thruster_Main_Fixed_02                                Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_engine_left                             S3   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        VNCL_Blade_Thruster_Main_Fixed_01                                Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_engine_right                            S3   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        VNCL_Blade_Thruster_Main_Fixed_01                                Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_retro                          S2   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   VNCL_Blade_Thruster_Retro_Fixed                                  Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_top_front_left                 S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   VNCL_Blade_Thruster_Aux_Fixed_Top                                Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_top_front_right                S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   VNCL_Blade_Thruster_Aux_Fixed_Top                                Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_side_front_left                S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   VNCL_Blade_Thruster_Aux_Fixed_Side                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_side_front_right               S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   VNCL_Blade_Thruster_Aux_Fixed_Side                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_bottom_front_left              S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   VNCL_Blade_Thruster_Aux_Fixed_Bottom                             Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_bottom_front_right             S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   VNCL_Blade_Thruster_Aux_Fixed_Bottom                             Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_top_rear_left                  S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   VNCL_Blade_Thruster_Aux_Fixed_Top                                Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_top_rear_right                 S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   VNCL_Blade_Thruster_Aux_Fixed_Top                                Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_side_rear_left                 S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   VNCL_Blade_Thruster_Aux_Fixed_02                                 Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_side_rear_right                S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   VNCL_Blade_Thruster_Aux_Fixed_02                                 Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_bottom_rear_left               S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   VNCL_Blade_Thruster_Aux_Fixed_Bottom                             Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_bottom_rear_right              S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   VNCL_Blade_Thruster_Aux_Fixed_Bottom                             Maneuvering thrusters                   
landingpad_helper                                 S1   LandingSystem.UNDEFINED                           Default_LandingSystem                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_weapon                       S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_weapon_front_left                       S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_weapon_front_right                      S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_weapon_wing_left                        S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_weapon_wing_right                       S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_missile_rack_left                       S3   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S03_VNCL_Quad_S01_Blade                                     Missile racks                           
 missile_01_attach                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_IR_VNCL_Arrow                                           Missiles                                
 missile_02_attach                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_IR_VNCL_Arrow                                           Missiles                                
 missile_03_attach                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_IR_VNCL_Arrow                                           Missiles                                
 missile_04_attach                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_IR_VNCL_Arrow                                           Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_IR_VNCL_Arrow                                           DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_IR_VNCL_Arrow                                           DISABLED                                
 missile_03_attach                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_IR_VNCL_Arrow                                           DISABLED                                
 missile_04_attach                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_IR_VNCL_Arrow                                           DISABLED                                
hardpoint_missile_rack_right                      S3   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S03_VNCL_Quad_S01_Blade                                     Missile racks                           
 missile_01_attach                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_IR_VNCL_Arrow                                           Missiles                                
 missile_02_attach                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_IR_VNCL_Arrow                                           Missiles                                
 missile_03_attach                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_IR_VNCL_Arrow                                           Missiles                                
 missile_04_attach                                S1   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S01_IR_VNCL_Arrow                                           Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_IR_VNCL_Arrow                                           DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_IR_VNCL_Arrow                                           DISABLED                                
 missile_03_attach                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_IR_VNCL_Arrow                                           DISABLED                                
 missile_04_attach                                S1                                                     MISL_S01_IR_VNCL_Arrow                                           DISABLED                                
hardpoint_countermeasures_left                    S2   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            VNCL_Blade_CML_Chaff                                             Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_countermeasures_right                   S2   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            VNCL_Blade_CML_Flare                                             Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_controller_missile                      S0                                                     Controller_Missile                                               UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_capacitor_assignment         S0                                                     Controller_CapacitorAssignment                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_fuel                         S0                                                     Controller_Fuel                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_fuel_port                               S1   DockingCollar.UNDEFINED                           DockingTube_Fuel_Ports_VNCL_Blade                                UNKNOWN                                 
 itemport_vehicle_attach                          S8   NOITEM_Vehicle                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_air_traffic_controller                  S0                                                     VNCL_Blade_ShipATCDataManager                                    UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cockpit_flair_hang                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_relay_cockpit                           S1   Relay.UNDEFINED                                   RELAY_3slot                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_01                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_02                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_03                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_lifesupport                             S1   LifeSupportGenerator.UNDEFINED                    LFSP_TYDT_S01_ComfortAir                                         UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_01                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_02                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_03                                         S1   Misc.Utility                                                                                                       UNKNOWN                                 

