XIAN_Nox
hardpoint_paint                                   S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_seat_access                             S0                                                     XIAN_Nox_SCItem_SeatAccess                                       UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_pilot                              S0                                                     XIAN_Nox_SCItem_Seat_Pilot                                       UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_dashboard_pilot                         S0                                                     XIAN_Nox_SCItem_Dashboard_Pilot                                  UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_cockpit_radar                          S1   Display                                           Radar_Display_XNAA_Nox                                           UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S1                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_Right_RTT                                 S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD_Holographic_Nox_R                             UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_Left_RTT                                  S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD_Holographic_Nox_L                             UNKNOWN                                 
 Screen_Center_RTT                                S1   Display                                           Vehicle_Screen_MFD_Holographic_Nox_C                             UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_cockpit_radar                          S0                                                     Radar_Display_XNAA_Nox                                           DISABLED                                
 Display_HUD                                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 Screen_Right_RTT                                 S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD_Holographic_Nox_R                             DISABLED                                
 Screen_Left_RTT                                  S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD_Holographic_Nox_L                             DISABLED                                
 Screen_Center_RTT                                S0                                                     Vehicle_Screen_MFD_Holographic_Nox_C                             DISABLED                                
hardpoint_self_destruct_pilot                     S1   SelfDestruct.UNDEFINED                            VHCL_SelfDestruct_10s                                            Self destruct                           
hardpoint_controller_comms                        S0                                                     Controller_Comms                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_energy                       S0                                                     Controller_Energy                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_power_plant                             S0   PowerPlant.Power                                  POWR_LPLT_S00_Radix_SCItem                                       Power plants                            
hardpoint_controller_cooler                       S0                                                     Controller_Cooler                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cooler_left                             S0   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_WCPR_S00_Fridan_SCItem                                      Coolers                                 
hardpoint_armor                                   S1   Armor.Medium                                      ARMR_XIAN_Nox                                                    Armor                                   
hardpoint_controller_flight                       S0                                                     Controller_Flight_XIAN_Nox                                       UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_light                        S0                                                     Controller_Light                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_door                         S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_radar                                   S0                                                     RADR_WLOP_S00_Denning                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_scanner                                 S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_ping                                    S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_engine                                  S3   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        XIAN_Nox_Thruster_Main                                           Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_retro_left                     S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   XIAN_Nox_Thruster_Retro                                          Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_retro_right                    S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   XIAN_Nox_Thruster_Retro                                          Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_front_top_right                S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   XIAN_Nox_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                      Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_front_right_A                  S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   XIAN_Nox_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                      Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_front_right_B                  S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   XIAN_Nox_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                      Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_front_bottom_right             S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   XIAN_Nox_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                      Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_front_top_left                 S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   XIAN_Nox_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                      Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_front_left_A                   S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   XIAN_Nox_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                      Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_front_left_B                   S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   XIAN_Nox_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                      Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_front_bottom_left              S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   XIAN_Nox_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                      Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_rear_top_right                 S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   XIAN_Nox_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                      Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_rear_bottom_right              S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   XIAN_Nox_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                      Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_rear_right                     S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   XIAN_Nox_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                      Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_rear_top_left                  S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   XIAN_Nox_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                      Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_rear_bottom_left               S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   XIAN_Nox_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                      Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_rear_left                      S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   XIAN_Nox_Thruster_Mav_Fixed                                      Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_gravplate_front_left                    S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   XIAN_Nox_Thruster_Aux_Left                                       Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_gravplate_front_right                   S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   XIAN_Nox_Thruster_Aux_Right                                      Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_gravplate_center_left                   S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   XIAN_Nox_Thruster_Aux_Left                                       Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_gravplate_center_right                  S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   XIAN_Nox_Thruster_Aux_Right                                      Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_gravplate_rear_left                     S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   XIAN_Nox_Thruster_Aux_Left                                       Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_gravplate_rear_right                    S1   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   XIAN_Nox_Thruster_Aux_Right                                      Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_fuel_intake_left                        S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_XIAN_Nox                                                    Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_intake_right                       S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_XIAN_Nox                                                    Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_tank_left                          S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_XIAN_Nox                                                    Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_fuel_tank_right                         S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_XIAN_Nox                                                    Fuel tanks                              
landingpad_helper                                 S1   LandingSystem.UNDEFINED                           Default_LandingSystem                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_weapon                       S0                                                     Controller_Weapon_XIAN_Nox                                       UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_weapon_right                            S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_weapon_left                             S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_countermeasures_left                    S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            XIAN_Nox_CML_Flare                                               Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_countermeasures_right                   S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            XIAN_Nox_CML_Chaff                                               Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_controller_capacitor_assignment         S0                                                     Controller_CapacitorAssignment                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_fuel                         S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_fuel_port                               S1   DockingCollar.UNDEFINED                           DockingTube_Fuel_Ports_XIAN_Nox                                  UNKNOWN                                 
 itemport_vehicle_attach                          S8   NOITEM_Vehicle                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_air_traffic_controller                  S0                                                     XIAN_Nox_ShipATCDataManager                                      UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_relay_cockpit                           S1   Relay.UNDEFINED                                   RELAY_2slot                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_01                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 $slot_fuse_02                                    S1   Misc.Fuse                                                                                                          UNKNOWN                                 

